
SCA6.0 - The DHFR (dihydrofolate reductase) family
--------------------------------------------------

**Summary** This script describes the basic flow of the analytical steps
in SCA6.0, using the DHFR family as an example. Here we compare results
of the analysis for two different alignments: a PFAM alignment (PFAM
PF00186) and an independent manually curated alignment constructed using
a custom database of orthologous sequences (DHFR\_PEPM3.an). Despite
differences in the construction, sequence distribution and size of the
two alignments, the sector definition is remarkably consistent: in both
cases we arrive at a single sector assembled from six independent
components.

For this tutorial, the core calculation scripts should be run from the
command line as follows:

::

    >> ./annotate_MSA.py Inputs/PF00186_full.txt -o Outputs/PF00186_full.an -a 'pfam'
    >> ./scaProcessMSA.py Inputs/PF00186_full.an -s 1RX2 -c A -f 'Escherichia coli' -t -n
    >> ./scaCore.py Outputs/PF00186_full.db 
    >> ./scaSectorID.py Outputs/PF00186_full.db 
    >> ./annotate_MSA.py Inputs/DHFR_PEPM3.fasta -o Outputs/DHFR_PEPM3.an -a 'ncbi' -g Inputs/DHFR_PEPM3.gis
    >> ./scaProcessMSA.py Inputs/DHFR_PEPM3.an -s 1RX2 -c A -t -n
    >> ./scaCore.py Outputs/DHFR_PEPM3.db 
    >> ./scaSectorID.py Outputs/DHFR_PEPM3.db 

Note that we supply annotated alignments for all tutorial scripts *(the
annotate\_pfMSA step is slow, and should only be run once)*.

**O.Rivoire, K.Reynolds and R.Ranganathan** 9/2014

.. code:: python

    %matplotlib inline
    from __future__ import division
    
    import os
    import time
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    import numpy as np
    import copy
    import colorsys
    import matplotlib.image as mpimg
    from IPython.display import display
    from IPython.display import Image
    import scipy.cluster.hierarchy as sch
    from scipy.stats import scoreatpercentile 
    import scaTools as sca
    import mpld3
    import cPickle as pickle
    from optparse import OptionParser
    
    if not os.path.exists('Outputs/'): os.makedirs('Outputs/')  

Read in the results of the above three scripts (scaProcessMSA, scaCore
and scaSectorID), stored as dictionaries in the databases
PF00186\_full.db and DHFR\_PEPM3.db. To see what variables are stored in
each dictionary, use:

::

    >> print dict.keys()

.. code:: python

    Dseq = list(); Dsca = list(); Dsect = list()
    db = pickle.load(open('Outputs/PF00186_full.db','rb'))
    Dseq.append(db['sequence'])
    Dsca.append(db['sca'])
    Dsect.append(db['sector'])
    db2 = pickle.load(open('Outputs/DHFR_PEPM3.db', 'rb'))
    Dseq.append(db2['sequence'])
    Dsca.append(db2['sca'])
    Dsect.append(db2['sector'])
    N_alg = 2
    AlgName = ['PFAM', 'Manual']

I. Statistical Structure of the Multiple Sequence Alignment (MSA)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We start with a rough comparison of the sequence composition of the two
alignments. Plot a histogram of all pairwise sequence identities *(left
panel)* and a global view of the sequence similarity matrix (defined by
:math:`S\equiv \frac{1}{L}XX^\top`) *(right panel)*. The PFAM alignment
is show in the *top row* and the manual alignment is shown in the
*bottom row*. The manual alignment is smaller (644 seqs vs 2000 for
PFAM), but both alignments are well-described by a nearly homogeneous
distribution of sequence identities with a mean value of about 35%.

.. code:: python

    ix = 1
    plt.rcParams['figure.figsize'] = 9, 15
    for k in range(N_alg):
        # List all elements above the diagonal (i<j):
        listS = [Dsca[k]['simMat'][i,j] for i in range(Dsca[k]['simMat'].shape[0]) \
                 for j in range(i+1, Dsca[k]['simMat'].shape[1])]
        #Cluster the sequence similarity matrix
        Z = sch.linkage(Dsca[k]['simMat'],method = 'complete', metric = 'cityblock')
        R = sch.dendrogram(Z,no_plot = True)
        ind = map(int, R['ivl'])
        #Plotting
        plt.rcParams['figure.figsize'] = 14, 4 
        plt.subplot(2,2,ix)
        ix += 1
        plt.hist(listS, Dseq[k]['Npos']/2)
        plt.xlabel('Pairwise sequence identities', fontsize=14)
        plt.ylabel('Number', fontsize=14)
        plt.subplot(2,2,ix)
        ix += 1
        plt.imshow(Dsca[k]['simMat'][np.ix_(ind,ind)], vmin=0, vmax=1); plt.colorbar();   



.. image:: SCA_DHFR_files/SCA_DHFR_7_0.png


To examine: (1) sampling differences between the alignments and (2) the
relationship between divergence in *sequence similarity* and *phylogeny*
for both alignments, we plot the top independent components of the
sequence correlation matrix (after sequence weighting), colored by
phylogenetic group. We start by constructing a dictionary of
phylogenetic annotations and checking the representation of sequences in
the top taxonomic levels. The annotations are parsed from the sequence
headers:

.. code:: python

    for k in range(N_alg):
        print "Alignment: " + AlgName[k]
        #construct a dictionary of phylogenetic groups
        annot = dict()
        for i, h in enumerate(Dseq[k]['hd']):
            hs = h.split('|')
            if (len(hs) == 4):
                annot[hs[0]] = sca.Annot(hs[1], hs[2], hs[3].replace('.',''))
            elif (len(hs) == 3):
                annot[hs[0]] = sca.Annot(hs[0],hs[1], hs[2].replace('.',''))
                
        # Most frequent taxonomic groups:
        atleast = 10
        for level in range(4):
            descr_list = [a.taxo.split(',')[level] for a in annot.values() \
                          if len(a.taxo.split(',')) > level]
            descr_dict = {k:descr_list.count(k) for k in descr_list \
                          if descr_list.count(k)>=atleast}
            print '\n Level %i:' % level
            print descr_dict    


.. parsed-literal::

    Alignment: PFAM
    
     Level 0:
    {'Eukaryota': 212, 'Archaea': 21, 'Viruses': 38, 'Bacteria': 1494}
    
     Level 1:
    {'environmental samples': 26, 'Tenericutes': 30, 'Alveolata': 11, 'Chlamydiae': 16, 'dsDNA viruses': 37, 'Viridiplantae': 34, 'Firmicutes': 444, 'Bacteroidetes': 160, 'Fungi': 62, 'Actinobacteria': 173, 'Metazoa': 82, 'Proteobacteria': 602, 'Euryarchaeota': 20}
    
     Level 2:
    {'Mollicutes': 30, 'Sphingobacteriia': 13, 'Dikarya': 61, 'Negativicutes': 21, 'Deltaproteobacteria': 18, 'Betaproteobacteria': 119, 'Bacteroidia': 73, 'Coriobacteridae': 11, 'Flavobacteriia': 56, 'Chlamydiales': 16, 'Cytophagia': 12, 'Erysipelotrichi': 16, 'Bacillales': 94, 'Streptophyta': 26, ' no RNA stage': 37, 'Lactobacillales': 173, 'Chordata': 36, 'Clostridia': 140, 'Arthropoda': 31, 'Gammaproteobacteria': 312, 'Halobacteria': 18, 'Nematoda': 10, 'Actinobacteridae': 161, 'Alphaproteobacteria': 151}
    
     Level 3:
    {'Erysipelotrichales': 16, 'Streptococcaceae': 66, 'Bacillaceae': 45, 'Rickettsiales': 12, 'Ascomycota': 51, 'Actinomycetales': 143, 'Mycoplasmataceae': 22, 'Pasteurellales': 20, 'Caudovirales': 14, 'Sphingobacteriales': 13, 'Staphylococcus': 14, 'Coriobacteriales': 11, 'Sphingomonadales': 18, 'Lactobacillaceae': 66, 'Clostridiales': 138, 'Bifidobacteriales': 18, 'Rhodobacterales': 27, 'Cytophagales': 12, 'Xanthomonadales': 15, 'Burkholderiales': 69, 'Chromadorea': 10, 'Paenibacillaceae': 17, 'Aeromonadales': 10, 'Oceanospirillales': 15, 'Neisseriales': 27, 'Basidiomycota': 10, 'Halobacteriales': 18, 'Chlamydiaceae': 16, 'Chromatiales': 20, 'Alteromonadales': 39, 'Rhizobiales': 76, 'Flavobacteriales': 53, 'Enterococcaceae': 19, 'Legionellales': 10, 'Vibrionales': 39, 'Embryophyta': 26, 'Enterobacteriales': 65, 'Selenomonadales': 21, 'Pseudomonadales': 43, 'Craniata': 32, 'Hexapoda': 26, 'Bacteroidales': 73}
    Alignment: Manual
    
     Level 0:
    {'cellular organisms': 612}
    
     Level 1:
    {' Eukaryota': 151, ' Bacteria': 461}
    
     Level 2:
    {' Alveolata': 11, ' Opisthokonta': 137, ' Firmicutes': 100, ' Actinobacteria': 42, ' Bacteroidetes/Chlorobi group': 42, ' Proteobacteria': 259}
    
     Level 3:
    {' Bacilli': 78, ' Gammaproteobacteria': 126, ' Betaproteobacteria': 58, ' Apicomplexa': 11, ' Bacteroidetes': 42, ' Fungi': 74, ' Actinobacteria': 42, ' Alphaproteobacteria': 69, ' Clostridia': 21, ' Metazoa': 62}


Based on this, we select taxonomic groups and colors for representation.
Here, we just start by choosing the broadly well-represented groups. To
see a complete color-coding legend, use:

::

    >>> sca.figColors()

.. code:: python

    phylo = list();
    fam_names = ['Eukaryota', 'Bacteroidetes', 'Firmicutes', \
                 'Actinobacteria', 'Proteobacteria']
    col = (0, 0.18, 0.38, 0.6, 0.8) 
    #Eukaryota = red, Bacteriodetes = yellow, Firmicutes = green, 
    #Actinobacteria = blue, Proteobacteria = purple
    for a in range(N_alg):
        phylo_alg = list()
        for i,k in enumerate(fam_names):
            sf = sca.Unit()
            sf.name = fam_names[i].lower()
            sf.col = col[i]
            sf.items = [j for j,q in enumerate(Dseq[a]['hd'])  \
                        if sf.name in q.lower()]
            phylo_alg.append(sf)
        phylo.append(phylo_alg)    

Plot the top six independent components of the sequence correlation
matrix (with sequence weights); color-coded by phylogenetic annotation.
We compare the phylogenetic sampling for the PFAM alignment *(top row)*
and manual alignment\ *(bottom row)*. The data show some very clear
seqeunce distinctions based on phylogeny, and the two alignments seem to
differ somewhat in the sequence divergence captured. In particular, the
eukaryotic sequences *(in red)* seem to form a more distinct group in
the manual alignment than in the PFAM alignment. For the PFAM alignment,
the bacteriodetes *(yellow)* diverge along :math:`U_1`, the
actinobacteria *(blue)* along :math:`U_3`, the firmicutes *(green)*
along :math:`U_4` and :math:`U_5`, and a subset of proteobacteria
*(purple)* along :math:`U_6`. For the manual alignment, the eukaryotes
*(red)* diverge along :math:`U_2` and :math:`U_6`, the actinobacteria
*(blue)* along :math:`U_4`, the firmicutes *(green)* along :math:`U_3`,
and a subset of proteobacteria *(purple)* along :math:`U_5`

.. code:: python

    plt.rcParams['figure.figsize'] = 9, 8
    ix = 1;
    for a in range(N_alg):
        U = Dsca[a]['Uica'][1]
        pairs = [[2*i,2*i+1] for i in range(3)]
        for k,[k1,k2] in enumerate(pairs):
            plt.subplot(2,3,ix)
            ix += 1
            sca.figUnits(U[:,k1], U[:,k2], phylo[a])
            #sca.figUnits(U[:,k1], U[:,k2], subfam)
            plt.xlabel(r"${U'}^{(2)}_{%i}$"%(k1+1), fontsize=16)
            plt.ylabel(r"${U'}^{(2)}_{%i}$"%(k2+1), fontsize=16)
        plt.tight_layout()



.. image:: SCA_DHFR_files/SCA_DHFR_13_0.png


II. SCA...conservation and coevolution
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Plot the eigenspectrum of (1) the SCA positional coevolution matrix
(:math:`\tilde{C_{ij}}`) *(black bars)* and (2) 10 trials of matrix
randomization for comparison. This graph is used to choose the number of
significant eigenmodes. Again, we plot the PFAM alignment in the *top
row* and manual alignment in the *bottom row* for comparison. Overall
the two eigenspectra are remarkably similar: due to small differences in
the signficance cutoff, we define 6 signficant eigenmodes for the PFAM
alignment, and 7 for the manual alignment.

.. code:: python

    for a in range(N_alg):
        plt.rcParams['figure.figsize'] = 9, 4 
        hist0, bins = np.histogram(Dsca[a]['Lrand'].flatten(), bins=Dseq[a]['Npos'], \
                                   range=(0,Dsect[a]['Lsca'].max()))
        hist1, bins = np.histogram(Dsect[a]['Lsca'], bins=Dseq[a]['Npos'],\
                                   range=(0,Dsect[a]['Lsca'].max()))
        plt.subplot(2,1,a+1)
        plt.bar(bins[:-1], hist1, np.diff(bins),color='k')
        plt.plot(bins[:-1], hist0/Dsca[a]['Ntrials'], 'r', linewidth=3)
        plt.tick_params(labelsize=11)
        plt.xlabel('Eigenvalues', fontsize=18); plt.ylabel('Numbers', fontsize=18);
        print 'Number of eigenmodes to keep is %i' %(Dsect[a]['kpos'])
    
    mpld3.display()


.. parsed-literal::

    Number of eigenmodes to keep is 6
    Number of eigenmodes to keep is 7




.. raw:: html

    
    
    <style>
    
    </style>
    
    <div id="fig_el5081844238752164492918530"></div>
    <script>
    function mpld3_load_lib(url, callback){
      var s = document.createElement('script');
      s.src = url;
      s.async = true;
      s.onreadystatechange = s.onload = callback;
      s.onerror = function(){console.warn("failed to load library " + url);};
      document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(s);
    }
    
    if(typeof(mpld3) !== "undefined" && mpld3._mpld3IsLoaded){
       // already loaded: just create the figure
       !function(mpld3){
           
           mpld3.draw_figure("fig_el5081844238752164492918530", {"axes": [{"xlim": [0.0, 35.0], "yscale": "linear", "axesbg": "none", "texts": [{"v_baseline": "hanging", "h_anchor": "middle", "color": "#000000", "text": "Eigenvalues", "coordinates": "axes", "zorder": 3, "alpha": 1, "fontsize": 18.0, "position": [0.5, -0.20403225806451619], "rotation": -0.0, "id": "el508184431826384"}, {"v_baseline": "auto", "h_anchor": "middle", "color": "#000000", "text": "Numbers", "coordinates": "axes", "zorder": 3, "alpha": 1, "fontsize": 18.0, "position": [-0.042618727598566303, 0.5], "rotation": -90.0, "id": "el508184431917264"}], "zoomable": true, "images": [], "xdomain": [0.0, 35.0], "ylim": [0.0, 25.0], "paths": [{"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data02", "id": "el508184431567056"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data03", "id": "el508184431568656"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data04", "id": "el508184431574480"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data05", "id": "el508184431576144"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data05", "id": "el508184431442704"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data05", "id": "el508184431444368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data06", "id": "el508184431445648"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data07", "id": "el508184431386320"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data07", "id": "el508184431387984"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data08", "id": "el508184431590416"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data09", "id": "el508184431592080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data09", "id": "el508184431593360"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data09", "id": "el508184653492176"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data10", "id": "el508184653493840"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184653438224"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data12", "id": "el508184653439888"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184653417040"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184653418704"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184653420368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 5, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184653667856"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653669520"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 6, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184427969360"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427971024"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 7, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184427972304"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428006224"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 8, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184428007440"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427986000"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 5, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427987664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 6, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427988944"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 9, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184427859984"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 7, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427861648"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 8, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431913808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 10, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184431931088"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 9, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424239120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 10, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424238032"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 11, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431873680"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 12, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431826192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 13, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184338453904"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 14, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184338476112"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 15, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184338477776"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 16, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184338479056"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 11, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184338432016"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 17, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184338433680"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 18, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654132368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 19, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654133008"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 20, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653982352"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 21, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653984016"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 22, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653985680"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 23, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653987408"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 24, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653989072"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 25, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425909136"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 26, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425910800"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 27, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425912080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 28, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425729872"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 29, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425731536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 30, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425835664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 31, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425837328"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 32, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425740752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 33, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425742416"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 34, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425744080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 35, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433131344"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 36, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433131728"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 37, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433126096"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 38, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433127760"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 39, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433129424"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 40, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433028752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 41, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433030416"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 42, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433249232"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 43, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433250896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 44, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433252176"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 45, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653299600"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 46, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653301264"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 47, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653188304"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 48, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653189968"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 49, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653335056"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 50, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653336720"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 51, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653338384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 52, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653360592"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 53, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653362256"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 54, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735005456"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 55, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735007120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 56, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735008400"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 57, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735125200"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 58, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735126864"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 59, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184734952464"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 60, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184734954128"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 61, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184734955408"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 62, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735018960"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 63, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735020624"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 64, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446610704"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 65, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446612368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 66, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446675536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 67, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446677200"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 68, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446678864"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 69, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446537232"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 70, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446538896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 71, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425204560"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 72, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425206224"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 73, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425207504"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 74, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425103120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 75, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425104784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 76, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425200720"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 77, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425202384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 78, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425203664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 79, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425086992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 80, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425088656"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 81, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663273616"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 82, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663273808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 83, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663505552"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 84, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663507216"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 85, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663508880"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 86, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663305808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 87, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663307472"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 88, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663444368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 89, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663446032"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 90, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663447312"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 91, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431079248"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 92, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431080912"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 93, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430926992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 94, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430928656"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 95, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430881232"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 96, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430882896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 97, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430884560"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 98, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428723984"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 99, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428724560"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 100, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428772048"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 101, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428773712"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 102, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428775376"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 103, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428625552"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 104, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428627216"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 105, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428764112"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 106, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428765776"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 107, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428767056"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 108, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577136528"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 109, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577136336"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 110, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577080528"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 111, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577082192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 112, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577210896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 113, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577212560"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 114, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577214224"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 115, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577179088"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 116, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577180752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 117, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433548048"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 118, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433549712"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 119, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433550992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 120, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433639120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 121, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433640784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 122, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433728528"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 123, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433730192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 124, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433731472"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 12, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184433569744"}], "sharey": [], "sharex": [], "axesbgalpha": null, "axes": [{"scale": "linear", "tickformat": null, "grid": {"gridOn": false}, "fontsize": 11.0, "position": "bottom", "nticks": 8, "tickvalues": null}, {"scale": "linear", "tickformat": null, "grid": {"gridOn": false}, "fontsize": 11.0, "position": "left", "nticks": 6, "tickvalues": null}], "lines": [{"color": "#FF0000", "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 2, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "linewidth": 3, "data": "data01", "id": "el508184431566608"}], "markers": [], "id": "el508184427680016", "ydomain": [0.0, 25.0], "collections": [], "xscale": "linear", "bbox": [0.125, 0.54772727272727284, 0.77500000000000002, 0.35227272727272718]}, {"xlim": [0.0, 40.0], "yscale": "linear", "axesbg": "none", "texts": [{"v_baseline": "hanging", "h_anchor": "middle", "color": "#000000", "text": "Eigenvalues", "coordinates": "axes", "zorder": 3, "alpha": 1, "fontsize": 18.0, "position": [0.5, -0.20403225806451611], "rotation": -0.0, "id": "el508184574356240"}, {"v_baseline": "auto", "h_anchor": "middle", "color": "#000000", "text": "Numbers", "coordinates": "axes", "zorder": 3, "alpha": 1, "fontsize": 18.0, "position": [-0.042618727598566303, 0.49999999999999994], "rotation": -90.0, "id": "el508184574323088"}], "zoomable": true, "images": [], "xdomain": [0.0, 40.0], "ylim": [0.0, 30.0], "paths": [{"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data15", "id": "el508184657571344"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data16", "id": "el508184657572944"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data17", "id": "el508184659069712"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data18", "id": "el508184659069648"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data05", "id": "el508184659072464"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data06", "id": "el508184658927312"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data19", "id": "el508184658928976"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data08", "id": "el508184658967568"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data07", "id": "el508184658969232"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data08", "id": "el508184658970512"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data12", "id": "el508184658984912"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data12", "id": "el508184658986576"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data12", "id": "el508184663850256"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data10", "id": "el508184663851920"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data10", "id": "el508184663906896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data10", "id": "el508184663908560"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 13, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184663910224"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 125, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663985680"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 14, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184663987344"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 15, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184663829328"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 126, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663830992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 127, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663832272"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 16, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184738762512"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 17, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184738764176"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 128, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184738733136"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 129, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184738734800"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 18, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184738736080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 130, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184738607120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 131, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184738608784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 132, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184738794832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 133, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184738796496"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 19, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184656992912"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 134, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184656994576"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 135, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184656996240"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 136, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184657067600"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 137, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184657069264"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 138, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431142160"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 139, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431139088"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 140, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184574324624"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 141, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184574512208"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 142, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184657174800"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 143, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184657176464"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 144, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184665128208"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 145, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431920016"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 146, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427590736"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 147, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427588048"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 148, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433292752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 149, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424280784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 150, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427579984"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 151, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427581840"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 152, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427680720"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 20, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184431546640"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 153, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431547792"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 154, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353066384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 155, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353068304"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 156, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353067024"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 157, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427759504"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 158, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427756816"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 159, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353102992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 160, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353103056"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 161, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424184336"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 162, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424187664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 163, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424184784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 164, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184426074384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 165, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184426073872"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 166, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430460560"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 167, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430460880"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 168, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427561424"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 169, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427562320"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 170, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427561488"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 171, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184426272528"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 172, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184426269392"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 173, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184429939536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 174, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184429942736"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 175, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184432870608"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 176, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184432871376"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 177, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433414352"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 178, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433415888"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 179, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433416144"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 180, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425712784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 181, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425712464"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 182, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427750096"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 183, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427748880"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 184, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184445235472"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 185, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184445235408"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 186, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184445235536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 187, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427546192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 188, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427543952"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 189, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433660304"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 190, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433661264"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 191, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425766544"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 192, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425766864"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 193, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433276880"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 194, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433276176"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 195, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424328464"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 196, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424328080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 197, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424327632"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 198, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184563859728"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 199, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184563859984"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 200, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353062672"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 201, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353061584"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 202, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184572552592"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 203, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184572551888"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 204, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184565520080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 205, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184565516880"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 206, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654353040"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 207, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654350864"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 208, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654351056"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 209, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184426166736"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 210, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184426167184"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 211, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654182288"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 212, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654178832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 213, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654178896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 214, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184423957776"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 215, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184423958288"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 216, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653793488"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 217, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653796688"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 218, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663661648"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 219, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663664528"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 220, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653508304"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 221, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653508112"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 222, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653510032"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 223, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184423923472"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 224, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184301476432"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 225, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184429991120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 226, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184429990992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 227, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430406736"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 228, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425991568"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 229, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425991504"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 230, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425990416"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 231, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663778960"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 232, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663776656"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 233, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353187088"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 234, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353185680"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 235, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184656970704"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 236, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184656968272"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 237, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184423874960"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 238, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184423873808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 239, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184423874832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 240, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431394512"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 241, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431393488"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 242, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353234384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 243, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353233936"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 244, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184429966864"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 245, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184429964368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 246, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184364985360"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 247, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433780368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 248, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433776784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 249, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425290768"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 250, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425293264"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 251, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431356496"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 252, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431359248"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 253, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431356432"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 254, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424043408"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 255, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424041680"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 256, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184565693712"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 257, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663604688"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 21, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184353364368"}], "sharey": [], "sharex": [], "axesbgalpha": null, "axes": [{"scale": "linear", "tickformat": null, "grid": {"gridOn": false}, "fontsize": 11.0, "position": "bottom", "nticks": 9, "tickvalues": null}, {"scale": "linear", "tickformat": null, "grid": {"gridOn": false}, "fontsize": 11.0, "position": "left", "nticks": 7, "tickvalues": null}], "lines": [{"color": "#FF0000", "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 2, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "linewidth": 3, "data": "data14", "id": "el508184657570896"}], "markers": [], "id": "el508184431566992", "ydomain": [0.0, 30.0], "collections": [], "xscale": "linear", "bbox": [0.125, 0.12500000000000011, 0.77500000000000002, 0.35227272727272724]}], "height": 320.0, "width": 720.0, "plugins": [{"type": "reset"}, {"enabled": false, "button": true, "type": "zoom"}, {"enabled": false, "button": true, "type": "boxzoom"}], "data": {"data12": [[3.3583028612305816, 0.0, 2.475833428213023, 2.7234167710343256, 2.9710001138556277], [3.582189718645954, 0.0, 2.7234167710343256, 2.9710001138556277, 3.2185834566769302], [3.582189718645954, 3.0, 2.7234167710343256, 2.9710001138556277, 3.2185834566769302], [3.3583028612305816, 3.0, 2.475833428213023, 2.7234167710343256, 2.9710001138556277]], "data16": [[0.24758334282130232, 0.0], [0.49516668564260463, 0.0], [0.49516668564260463, 29.0], [0.24758334282130232, 29.0]], "data11": [[3.13441600381521, 0.0, 3.582189718645954, 3.806076576061326, 4.0299634334766985, 4.25385029089207, 4.701624005722815, 5.149397720553559, 5.597171435384303, 6.492718865045791, 7.164379437291908, 9.179361154030257, 33.58302861230582, 3.961333485140837, 4.456500170783442, 4.704083513604744, 5.446833542068651, 5.694416884889954, 6.4371669133538605, 7.6750836274603715, 12.626750483886418, 38.870584822944465], [3.3583028612305816, 0.0, 3.806076576061326, 4.0299634334766985, 4.25385029089207, 4.477737148307442, 4.925510863138187, 5.373284577968931, 5.821058292799675, 6.716605722461163, 7.38826629470728, 9.40324801144563, 33.80691546972119, 4.208916827962139, 4.704083513604744, 4.951666856426046, 5.694416884889954, 5.942000227711255, 6.684750256175162, 7.922666970281674, 12.874333826707721, 39.118168165765766], [3.3583028612305816, 1.0, 3.806076576061326, 4.0299634334766985, 4.25385029089207, 4.477737148307442, 4.925510863138187, 5.373284577968931, 5.821058292799675, 6.716605722461163, 7.38826629470728, 9.40324801144563, 33.80691546972119, 4.208916827962139, 4.704083513604744, 4.951666856426046, 5.694416884889954, 5.942000227711255, 6.684750256175162, 7.922666970281674, 12.874333826707721, 39.118168165765766], [3.13441600381521, 1.0, 3.582189718645954, 3.806076576061326, 4.0299634334766985, 4.25385029089207, 4.701624005722815, 5.149397720553559, 5.597171435384303, 6.492718865045791, 7.164379437291908, 9.179361154030257, 33.58302861230582, 3.961333485140837, 4.456500170783442, 4.704083513604744, 5.446833542068651, 5.694416884889954, 6.4371669133538605, 7.6750836274603715, 12.626750483886418, 38.870584822944465]], "data17": [[0.49516668564260463, 0.0], [0.7427500284639069, 0.0], [0.7427500284639069, 18.0], [0.49516668564260463, 18.0]], "data14": [[0.0, 14.9], [0.24758334282130232, 21.5], [0.49516668564260463, 16.0], [0.7427500284639069, 14.6], [0.9903333712852093, 13.3], [1.2379167141065115, 10.8], [1.4855000569278138, 11.0], [1.7330833997491162, 8.4], [1.9806667425704185, 8.8], [2.228250085391721, 6.9], [2.475833428213023, 6.9], [2.7234167710343256, 5.5], [2.9710001138556277, 5.2], [3.2185834566769302, 5.1], [3.4661667994982324, 2.8], [3.713750142319535, 1.6], [3.961333485140837, 1.4], [4.208916827962139, 1.4], [4.456500170783442, 0.5], [4.704083513604744, 0.0], [4.951666856426046, 0.0], [5.1992501992473485, 0.0], [5.446833542068651, 0.0], [5.694416884889954, 0.0], [5.942000227711255, 0.0], [6.189583570532558, 0.0], [6.4371669133538605, 0.0], [6.684750256175162, 0.0], [6.932333598996465, 0.0], [7.179916941817767, 0.0], [7.42750028463907, 0.0], [7.6750836274603715, 0.0], [7.922666970281674, 0.0], [8.170250313102976, 0.0], [8.417833655924278, 0.0], [8.665416998745581, 0.0], [8.913000341566883, 0.0], [9.160583684388186, 0.0], [9.408167027209489, 0.0], [9.655750370030791, 0.0], [9.903333712852092, 0.0], [10.150917055673395, 0.0], [10.398500398494697, 0.0], [10.646083741316, 0.0], [10.893667084137302, 0.0], [11.141250426958605, 0.0], [11.388833769779907, 0.0], [11.636417112601208, 0.0], [11.88400045542251, 0.0], [12.131583798243813, 0.0], [12.379167141065116, 0.0], [12.626750483886418, 0.0], [12.874333826707721, 0.0], [13.121917169529024, 0.0], [13.369500512350324, 0.0], [13.617083855171627, 0.0], [13.86466719799293, 0.0], [14.112250540814232, 0.6], [14.359833883635535, 0.4], [14.607417226456837, 0.0], [14.85500056927814, 0.0], [15.10258391209944, 0.0], [15.350167254920743, 0.0], [15.597750597742046, 0.0], [15.845333940563348, 0.0], [16.09291728338465, 0.0], [16.34050062620595, 0.0], [16.588083969027256, 0.0], [16.835667311848557, 0.0], [17.08325065466986, 0.0], [17.330833997491162, 0.0], [17.578417340312466, 0.0], [17.826000683133767, 0.0], [18.073584025955068, 0.0], [18.321167368776372, 0.0], [18.568750711597673, 0.0], [18.816334054418977, 0.0], [19.063917397240278, 0.0], [19.311500740061582, 0.0], [19.559084082882883, 0.0], [19.806667425704184, 0.0], [20.05425076852549, 0.0], [20.30183411134679, 0.0], [20.549417454168093, 0.0], [20.797000796989394, 0.0], [21.0445841398107, 0.0], [21.292167482632, 0.0], [21.5397508254533, 0.0], [21.787334168274604, 0.0], [22.034917511095905, 0.0], [22.28250085391721, 0.0], [22.53008419673851, 0.0], [22.777667539559815, 0.0], [23.025250882381116, 0.0], [23.272834225202416, 0.0], [23.52041756802372, 0.0], [23.76800091084502, 0.0], [24.015584253666326, 0.0], [24.263167596487627, 0.0], [24.51075093930893, 0.0], [24.75833428213023, 0.0], [25.005917624951532, 0.0], [25.253500967772837, 0.0], [25.501084310594138, 0.0], [25.748667653415442, 0.0], [25.996250996236743, 0.0], [26.243834339058047, 0.0], [26.491417681879348, 0.0], [26.73900102470065, 0.0], [26.986584367521953, 0.0], [27.234167710343254, 0.0], [27.481751053164558, 0.0], [27.72933439598586, 0.0], [27.976917738807163, 0.0], [28.224501081628464, 0.0], [28.472084424449765, 0.0], [28.71966776727107, 0.0], [28.96725111009237, 0.0], [29.214834452913674, 0.0], [29.462417795734975, 0.0], [29.71000113855628, 0.0], [29.95758448137758, 0.0], [30.20516782419888, 0.0], [30.452751167020185, 0.0], [30.700334509841486, 0.0], [30.94791785266279, 0.0], [31.19550119548409, 0.0], [31.443084538305396, 0.0], [31.690667881126696, 0.0], [31.938251223947997, 0.0], [32.1858345667693, 0.0], [32.4334179095906, 0.0], [32.6810012524119, 0.0], [32.92858459523321, 0.0], [33.17616793805451, 0.0], [33.42375128087581, 0.0], [33.67133462369711, 0.0], [33.918917966518414, 0.0], [34.16650130933972, 0.0], [34.41408465216102, 0.0], [34.661667994982324, 0.0], [34.909251337803624, 0.0], [35.15683468062493, 0.0], [35.40441802344623, 0.0], [35.652001366267534, 0.0], [35.899584709088835, 0.0], [36.147168051910135, 0.0], [36.39475139473144, 0.0], [36.642334737552744, 0.0], [36.889918080374045, 0.0], [37.137501423195346, 0.0], [37.38508476601665, 0.0], [37.632668108837954, 0.0], [37.880251451659255, 0.0], [38.127834794480556, 0.0], [38.37541813730186, 0.0], [38.623001480123165, 0.0], [38.870584822944465, 0.0]], "data10": [[2.9105291463998375, 0.0, 3.2185834566769302, 3.4661667994982324, 3.713750142319535], [3.13441600381521, 0.0, 3.4661667994982324, 3.713750142319535, 3.961333485140837], [3.13441600381521, 2.0, 3.4661667994982324, 3.713750142319535, 3.961333485140837], [2.9105291463998375, 2.0, 3.2185834566769302, 3.4661667994982324, 3.713750142319535]], "data15": [[0.0, 0.0], [0.24758334282130232, 0.0], [0.24758334282130232, 28.0], [0.0, 28.0]], "data19": [[1.4855000569278138, 0.0], [1.7330833997491162, 0.0], [1.7330833997491162, 7.0], [1.4855000569278138, 7.0]], "data18": [[0.7427500284639069, 0.0], [0.9903333712852093, 0.0], [0.9903333712852093, 14.0], [0.7427500284639069, 14.0]], "data08": [[2.0149817167383492, 0.0, 1.7330833997491162, 2.228250085391721], [2.238868574153721, 0.0, 1.9806667425704185, 2.475833428213023], [2.238868574153721, 5.0, 1.9806667425704185, 2.475833428213023], [2.0149817167383492, 5.0, 1.7330833997491162, 2.228250085391721]], "data09": [[2.238868574153721, 0.0, 2.4627554315690934, 2.6866422889844657], [2.4627554315690934, 0.0, 2.6866422889844657, 2.9105291463998375], [2.4627554315690934, 4.0, 2.6866422889844657, 2.9105291463998375], [2.238868574153721, 4.0, 2.4627554315690934, 2.6866422889844657]], "data06": [[1.3433211444922328, 0.0, 1.2379167141065115], [1.567208001907605, 0.0, 1.4855000569278138], [1.567208001907605, 9.0, 1.4855000569278138], [1.3433211444922328, 9.0, 1.2379167141065115]], "data07": [[1.567208001907605, 0.0, 1.791094859322977, 1.9806667425704185], [1.791094859322977, 0.0, 2.0149817167383492, 2.228250085391721], [1.791094859322977, 6.0, 2.0149817167383492, 2.228250085391721], [1.567208001907605, 6.0, 1.791094859322977, 1.9806667425704185]], "data04": [[0.44777371483074424, 0.0], [0.6716605722461164, 0.0], [0.6716605722461164, 19.0], [0.44777371483074424, 19.0]], "data05": [[0.6716605722461164, 0.0, 0.8955474296614885, 1.1194342870768605, 0.9903333712852093], [0.8955474296614885, 0.0, 1.1194342870768605, 1.3433211444922328, 1.2379167141065115], [0.8955474296614885, 12.0, 1.1194342870768605, 1.3433211444922328, 1.2379167141065115], [0.6716605722461164, 12.0, 0.8955474296614885, 1.1194342870768605, 0.9903333712852093]], "data02": [[0.0, 0.0], [0.22388685741537212, 0.0], [0.22388685741537212, 16.0], [0.0, 16.0]], "data03": [[0.22388685741537212, 0.0], [0.44777371483074424, 0.0], [0.44777371483074424, 25.0], [0.22388685741537212, 25.0]], "data13": [[4.477737148307442, 0.0, 4.925510863138187, 5.373284577968931, 5.821058292799675, 6.044945150215047, 6.26883200763042, 6.716605722461163, 6.940492579876536, 7.38826629470728, 7.612153152122652, 7.836040009538024, 8.059926866953397, 8.283813724368768, 8.50770058178414, 8.731587439199513, 8.955474296614884, 9.40324801144563, 9.627134868861, 9.851021726276374, 10.074908583691746, 10.298795441107117, 10.52268229852249, 10.746569155937863, 10.970456013353234, 11.194342870768606, 11.418229728183977, 11.64211658559935, 11.866003443014723, 12.089890300430094, 12.313777157845466, 12.53766401526084, 12.76155087267621, 12.985437730091583, 13.209324587506956, 13.433211444922327, 13.6570983023377, 13.880985159753072, 14.104872017168443, 14.328758874583816, 14.552645731999188, 14.77653258941456, 15.000419446829932, 15.224306304245305, 15.448193161660676, 15.672080019076049, 15.895966876491421, 16.119853733906794, 16.343740591322163, 16.567627448737536, 16.79151430615291, 17.01540116356828, 17.239288020983654, 17.463174878399027, 17.687061735814396, 17.91094859322977, 18.13483545064514, 18.358722308060514, 18.582609165475887, 18.80649602289126, 19.03038288030663, 19.254269737722, 19.478156595137374, 19.702043452552747, 19.92593030996812, 20.149817167383492, 20.37370402479886, 20.597590882214234, 20.821477739629607, 21.04536459704498, 21.269251454460353, 21.493138311875725, 21.717025169291094, 21.940912026706467, 22.16479888412184, 22.388685741537213, 22.612572598952585, 22.836459456367955, 23.060346313783327, 23.2842331711987, 23.508120028614073, 23.732006886029446, 23.95589374344482, 24.179780600860187, 24.40366745827556, 24.627554315690933, 24.851441173106306, 25.07532803052168, 25.29921488793705, 25.52310174535242, 25.746988602767793, 25.970875460183166, 26.19476231759854, 26.41864917501391, 26.642536032429284, 26.866422889844653, 27.090309747260026, 27.3141966046754, 27.53808346209077, 27.761970319506144, 27.985857176921517, 28.209744034336886, 28.43363089175226, 28.65751774916763, 28.881404606583004, 29.105291463998377, 29.329178321413746, 29.55306517882912, 29.77695203624449, 30.000838893659864, 30.224725751075237, 30.44861260849061, 30.67249946590598, 30.89638632332135, 31.120273180736724, 31.344160038152097, 31.56804689556747, 31.791933752982843, 32.015820610398215, 32.23970746781359, 32.46359432522896, 32.687481182644326, 32.9113680400597, 33.13525489747507, 33.359141754890445, 4.208916827962139, 4.951666856426046, 5.1992501992473485, 5.942000227711255, 6.189583570532558, 6.684750256175162, 6.932333598996465, 7.179916941817767, 7.42750028463907, 7.922666970281674, 8.170250313102976, 8.417833655924278, 8.665416998745581, 8.913000341566883, 9.160583684388186, 9.408167027209489, 9.655750370030791, 9.903333712852092, 10.150917055673395, 10.398500398494697, 10.646083741316, 10.893667084137302, 11.141250426958605, 11.388833769779907, 11.636417112601208, 11.88400045542251, 12.131583798243813, 12.379167141065116, 12.874333826707721, 13.121917169529024, 13.369500512350324, 13.617083855171627, 13.86466719799293, 14.112250540814232, 14.359833883635535, 14.607417226456837, 14.85500056927814, 15.10258391209944, 15.350167254920743, 15.597750597742046, 15.845333940563348, 16.09291728338465, 16.34050062620595, 16.588083969027256, 16.835667311848557, 17.08325065466986, 17.330833997491162, 17.578417340312466, 17.826000683133767, 18.073584025955068, 18.321167368776372, 18.568750711597673, 18.816334054418977, 19.063917397240278, 19.311500740061582, 19.559084082882883, 19.806667425704184, 20.05425076852549, 20.30183411134679, 20.549417454168093, 20.797000796989394, 21.0445841398107, 21.292167482632, 21.5397508254533, 21.787334168274604, 22.034917511095905, 22.28250085391721, 22.53008419673851, 22.777667539559815, 23.025250882381116, 23.272834225202416, 23.52041756802372, 23.76800091084502, 24.015584253666326, 24.263167596487627, 24.51075093930893, 24.75833428213023, 25.005917624951532, 25.253500967772837, 25.501084310594138, 25.748667653415442, 25.996250996236743, 26.243834339058047, 26.491417681879348, 26.73900102470065, 26.986584367521953, 27.234167710343254, 27.481751053164558, 27.72933439598586, 27.976917738807163, 28.224501081628464, 28.472084424449765, 28.71966776727107, 28.96725111009237, 29.214834452913674, 29.462417795734975, 29.71000113855628, 29.95758448137758, 30.20516782419888, 30.452751167020185, 30.700334509841486, 30.94791785266279, 31.19550119548409, 31.443084538305396, 31.690667881126696, 31.938251223947997, 32.1858345667693, 32.4334179095906, 32.6810012524119, 32.92858459523321, 33.17616793805451, 33.42375128087581, 33.67133462369711, 33.918917966518414, 34.16650130933972, 34.41408465216102, 34.661667994982324, 34.909251337803624, 35.15683468062493, 35.40441802344623, 35.652001366267534, 35.899584709088835, 36.147168051910135, 36.39475139473144, 36.642334737552744, 36.889918080374045, 37.137501423195346, 37.38508476601665, 37.632668108837954, 37.880251451659255, 38.127834794480556, 38.37541813730186, 38.623001480123165], [4.701624005722815, 0.0, 5.149397720553559, 5.597171435384303, 6.044945150215047, 6.26883200763042, 6.492718865045791, 6.940492579876536, 7.164379437291908, 7.612153152122652, 7.836040009538024, 8.059926866953397, 8.283813724368768, 8.50770058178414, 8.731587439199513, 8.955474296614884, 9.179361154030257, 9.627134868861, 9.851021726276374, 10.074908583691746, 10.298795441107117, 10.52268229852249, 10.746569155937863, 10.970456013353234, 11.194342870768606, 11.418229728183977, 11.64211658559935, 11.866003443014723, 12.089890300430094, 12.313777157845466, 12.53766401526084, 12.76155087267621, 12.985437730091583, 13.209324587506956, 13.433211444922327, 13.6570983023377, 13.880985159753072, 14.104872017168443, 14.328758874583816, 14.552645731999188, 14.77653258941456, 15.000419446829932, 15.224306304245305, 15.448193161660676, 15.672080019076049, 15.895966876491421, 16.119853733906794, 16.343740591322163, 16.567627448737536, 16.79151430615291, 17.01540116356828, 17.239288020983654, 17.463174878399027, 17.687061735814396, 17.91094859322977, 18.13483545064514, 18.358722308060514, 18.582609165475887, 18.80649602289126, 19.03038288030663, 19.254269737722, 19.478156595137374, 19.702043452552747, 19.92593030996812, 20.149817167383492, 20.37370402479886, 20.597590882214234, 20.821477739629607, 21.04536459704498, 21.269251454460353, 21.493138311875725, 21.717025169291094, 21.940912026706467, 22.16479888412184, 22.388685741537213, 22.612572598952585, 22.836459456367955, 23.060346313783327, 23.2842331711987, 23.508120028614073, 23.732006886029446, 23.95589374344482, 24.179780600860187, 24.40366745827556, 24.627554315690933, 24.851441173106306, 25.07532803052168, 25.29921488793705, 25.52310174535242, 25.746988602767793, 25.970875460183166, 26.19476231759854, 26.41864917501391, 26.642536032429284, 26.866422889844653, 27.090309747260026, 27.3141966046754, 27.53808346209077, 27.761970319506144, 27.985857176921517, 28.209744034336886, 28.43363089175226, 28.65751774916763, 28.881404606583004, 29.105291463998377, 29.329178321413746, 29.55306517882912, 29.77695203624449, 30.000838893659864, 30.224725751075237, 30.44861260849061, 30.67249946590598, 30.89638632332135, 31.120273180736724, 31.344160038152097, 31.56804689556747, 31.791933752982843, 32.015820610398215, 32.23970746781359, 32.46359432522896, 32.687481182644326, 32.9113680400597, 33.13525489747507, 33.359141754890445, 33.58302861230582, 4.456500170783442, 5.1992501992473485, 5.446833542068651, 6.189583570532558, 6.4371669133538605, 6.932333598996465, 7.179916941817767, 7.42750028463907, 7.6750836274603715, 8.170250313102976, 8.417833655924278, 8.665416998745581, 8.913000341566883, 9.160583684388186, 9.408167027209489, 9.655750370030791, 9.903333712852092, 10.150917055673395, 10.398500398494697, 10.646083741316, 10.893667084137302, 11.141250426958605, 11.388833769779907, 11.636417112601208, 11.88400045542251, 12.131583798243813, 12.379167141065116, 12.626750483886418, 13.121917169529024, 13.369500512350324, 13.617083855171627, 13.86466719799293, 14.112250540814232, 14.359833883635535, 14.607417226456837, 14.85500056927814, 15.10258391209944, 15.350167254920743, 15.597750597742046, 15.845333940563348, 16.09291728338465, 16.34050062620595, 16.588083969027256, 16.835667311848557, 17.08325065466986, 17.330833997491162, 17.578417340312466, 17.826000683133767, 18.073584025955068, 18.321167368776372, 18.568750711597673, 18.816334054418977, 19.063917397240278, 19.311500740061582, 19.559084082882883, 19.806667425704184, 20.05425076852549, 20.30183411134679, 20.549417454168093, 20.797000796989394, 21.0445841398107, 21.292167482632, 21.5397508254533, 21.787334168274604, 22.034917511095905, 22.28250085391721, 22.53008419673851, 22.777667539559815, 23.025250882381116, 23.272834225202416, 23.52041756802372, 23.76800091084502, 24.015584253666326, 24.263167596487627, 24.51075093930893, 24.75833428213023, 25.005917624951532, 25.253500967772837, 25.501084310594138, 25.748667653415442, 25.996250996236743, 26.243834339058047, 26.491417681879348, 26.73900102470065, 26.986584367521953, 27.234167710343254, 27.481751053164558, 27.72933439598586, 27.976917738807163, 28.224501081628464, 28.472084424449765, 28.71966776727107, 28.96725111009237, 29.214834452913674, 29.462417795734975, 29.71000113855628, 29.95758448137758, 30.20516782419888, 30.452751167020185, 30.700334509841486, 30.94791785266279, 31.19550119548409, 31.443084538305396, 31.690667881126696, 31.938251223947997, 32.1858345667693, 32.4334179095906, 32.6810012524119, 32.92858459523321, 33.17616793805451, 33.42375128087581, 33.67133462369711, 33.918917966518414, 34.16650130933972, 34.41408465216102, 34.661667994982324, 34.909251337803624, 35.15683468062493, 35.40441802344623, 35.652001366267534, 35.899584709088835, 36.147168051910135, 36.39475139473144, 36.642334737552744, 36.889918080374045, 37.137501423195346, 37.38508476601665, 37.632668108837954, 37.880251451659255, 38.127834794480556, 38.37541813730186, 38.623001480123165, 38.870584822944465], [4.701624005722815, 0.0, 5.149397720553559, 5.597171435384303, 6.044945150215047, 6.26883200763042, 6.492718865045791, 6.940492579876536, 7.164379437291908, 7.612153152122652, 7.836040009538024, 8.059926866953397, 8.283813724368768, 8.50770058178414, 8.731587439199513, 8.955474296614884, 9.179361154030257, 9.627134868861, 9.851021726276374, 10.074908583691746, 10.298795441107117, 10.52268229852249, 10.746569155937863, 10.970456013353234, 11.194342870768606, 11.418229728183977, 11.64211658559935, 11.866003443014723, 12.089890300430094, 12.313777157845466, 12.53766401526084, 12.76155087267621, 12.985437730091583, 13.209324587506956, 13.433211444922327, 13.6570983023377, 13.880985159753072, 14.104872017168443, 14.328758874583816, 14.552645731999188, 14.77653258941456, 15.000419446829932, 15.224306304245305, 15.448193161660676, 15.672080019076049, 15.895966876491421, 16.119853733906794, 16.343740591322163, 16.567627448737536, 16.79151430615291, 17.01540116356828, 17.239288020983654, 17.463174878399027, 17.687061735814396, 17.91094859322977, 18.13483545064514, 18.358722308060514, 18.582609165475887, 18.80649602289126, 19.03038288030663, 19.254269737722, 19.478156595137374, 19.702043452552747, 19.92593030996812, 20.149817167383492, 20.37370402479886, 20.597590882214234, 20.821477739629607, 21.04536459704498, 21.269251454460353, 21.493138311875725, 21.717025169291094, 21.940912026706467, 22.16479888412184, 22.388685741537213, 22.612572598952585, 22.836459456367955, 23.060346313783327, 23.2842331711987, 23.508120028614073, 23.732006886029446, 23.95589374344482, 24.179780600860187, 24.40366745827556, 24.627554315690933, 24.851441173106306, 25.07532803052168, 25.29921488793705, 25.52310174535242, 25.746988602767793, 25.970875460183166, 26.19476231759854, 26.41864917501391, 26.642536032429284, 26.866422889844653, 27.090309747260026, 27.3141966046754, 27.53808346209077, 27.761970319506144, 27.985857176921517, 28.209744034336886, 28.43363089175226, 28.65751774916763, 28.881404606583004, 29.105291463998377, 29.329178321413746, 29.55306517882912, 29.77695203624449, 30.000838893659864, 30.224725751075237, 30.44861260849061, 30.67249946590598, 30.89638632332135, 31.120273180736724, 31.344160038152097, 31.56804689556747, 31.791933752982843, 32.015820610398215, 32.23970746781359, 32.46359432522896, 32.687481182644326, 32.9113680400597, 33.13525489747507, 33.359141754890445, 33.58302861230582, 4.456500170783442, 5.1992501992473485, 5.446833542068651, 6.189583570532558, 6.4371669133538605, 6.932333598996465, 7.179916941817767, 7.42750028463907, 7.6750836274603715, 8.170250313102976, 8.417833655924278, 8.665416998745581, 8.913000341566883, 9.160583684388186, 9.408167027209489, 9.655750370030791, 9.903333712852092, 10.150917055673395, 10.398500398494697, 10.646083741316, 10.893667084137302, 11.141250426958605, 11.388833769779907, 11.636417112601208, 11.88400045542251, 12.131583798243813, 12.379167141065116, 12.626750483886418, 13.121917169529024, 13.369500512350324, 13.617083855171627, 13.86466719799293, 14.112250540814232, 14.359833883635535, 14.607417226456837, 14.85500056927814, 15.10258391209944, 15.350167254920743, 15.597750597742046, 15.845333940563348, 16.09291728338465, 16.34050062620595, 16.588083969027256, 16.835667311848557, 17.08325065466986, 17.330833997491162, 17.578417340312466, 17.826000683133767, 18.073584025955068, 18.321167368776372, 18.568750711597673, 18.816334054418977, 19.063917397240278, 19.311500740061582, 19.559084082882883, 19.806667425704184, 20.05425076852549, 20.30183411134679, 20.549417454168093, 20.797000796989394, 21.0445841398107, 21.292167482632, 21.5397508254533, 21.787334168274604, 22.034917511095905, 22.28250085391721, 22.53008419673851, 22.777667539559815, 23.025250882381116, 23.272834225202416, 23.52041756802372, 23.76800091084502, 24.015584253666326, 24.263167596487627, 24.51075093930893, 24.75833428213023, 25.005917624951532, 25.253500967772837, 25.501084310594138, 25.748667653415442, 25.996250996236743, 26.243834339058047, 26.491417681879348, 26.73900102470065, 26.986584367521953, 27.234167710343254, 27.481751053164558, 27.72933439598586, 27.976917738807163, 28.224501081628464, 28.472084424449765, 28.71966776727107, 28.96725111009237, 29.214834452913674, 29.462417795734975, 29.71000113855628, 29.95758448137758, 30.20516782419888, 30.452751167020185, 30.700334509841486, 30.94791785266279, 31.19550119548409, 31.443084538305396, 31.690667881126696, 31.938251223947997, 32.1858345667693, 32.4334179095906, 32.6810012524119, 32.92858459523321, 33.17616793805451, 33.42375128087581, 33.67133462369711, 33.918917966518414, 34.16650130933972, 34.41408465216102, 34.661667994982324, 34.909251337803624, 35.15683468062493, 35.40441802344623, 35.652001366267534, 35.899584709088835, 36.147168051910135, 36.39475139473144, 36.642334737552744, 36.889918080374045, 37.137501423195346, 37.38508476601665, 37.632668108837954, 37.880251451659255, 38.127834794480556, 38.37541813730186, 38.623001480123165, 38.870584822944465], [4.477737148307442, 0.0, 4.925510863138187, 5.373284577968931, 5.821058292799675, 6.044945150215047, 6.26883200763042, 6.716605722461163, 6.940492579876536, 7.38826629470728, 7.612153152122652, 7.836040009538024, 8.059926866953397, 8.283813724368768, 8.50770058178414, 8.731587439199513, 8.955474296614884, 9.40324801144563, 9.627134868861, 9.851021726276374, 10.074908583691746, 10.298795441107117, 10.52268229852249, 10.746569155937863, 10.970456013353234, 11.194342870768606, 11.418229728183977, 11.64211658559935, 11.866003443014723, 12.089890300430094, 12.313777157845466, 12.53766401526084, 12.76155087267621, 12.985437730091583, 13.209324587506956, 13.433211444922327, 13.6570983023377, 13.880985159753072, 14.104872017168443, 14.328758874583816, 14.552645731999188, 14.77653258941456, 15.000419446829932, 15.224306304245305, 15.448193161660676, 15.672080019076049, 15.895966876491421, 16.119853733906794, 16.343740591322163, 16.567627448737536, 16.79151430615291, 17.01540116356828, 17.239288020983654, 17.463174878399027, 17.687061735814396, 17.91094859322977, 18.13483545064514, 18.358722308060514, 18.582609165475887, 18.80649602289126, 19.03038288030663, 19.254269737722, 19.478156595137374, 19.702043452552747, 19.92593030996812, 20.149817167383492, 20.37370402479886, 20.597590882214234, 20.821477739629607, 21.04536459704498, 21.269251454460353, 21.493138311875725, 21.717025169291094, 21.940912026706467, 22.16479888412184, 22.388685741537213, 22.612572598952585, 22.836459456367955, 23.060346313783327, 23.2842331711987, 23.508120028614073, 23.732006886029446, 23.95589374344482, 24.179780600860187, 24.40366745827556, 24.627554315690933, 24.851441173106306, 25.07532803052168, 25.29921488793705, 25.52310174535242, 25.746988602767793, 25.970875460183166, 26.19476231759854, 26.41864917501391, 26.642536032429284, 26.866422889844653, 27.090309747260026, 27.3141966046754, 27.53808346209077, 27.761970319506144, 27.985857176921517, 28.209744034336886, 28.43363089175226, 28.65751774916763, 28.881404606583004, 29.105291463998377, 29.329178321413746, 29.55306517882912, 29.77695203624449, 30.000838893659864, 30.224725751075237, 30.44861260849061, 30.67249946590598, 30.89638632332135, 31.120273180736724, 31.344160038152097, 31.56804689556747, 31.791933752982843, 32.015820610398215, 32.23970746781359, 32.46359432522896, 32.687481182644326, 32.9113680400597, 33.13525489747507, 33.359141754890445, 4.208916827962139, 4.951666856426046, 5.1992501992473485, 5.942000227711255, 6.189583570532558, 6.684750256175162, 6.932333598996465, 7.179916941817767, 7.42750028463907, 7.922666970281674, 8.170250313102976, 8.417833655924278, 8.665416998745581, 8.913000341566883, 9.160583684388186, 9.408167027209489, 9.655750370030791, 9.903333712852092, 10.150917055673395, 10.398500398494697, 10.646083741316, 10.893667084137302, 11.141250426958605, 11.388833769779907, 11.636417112601208, 11.88400045542251, 12.131583798243813, 12.379167141065116, 12.874333826707721, 13.121917169529024, 13.369500512350324, 13.617083855171627, 13.86466719799293, 14.112250540814232, 14.359833883635535, 14.607417226456837, 14.85500056927814, 15.10258391209944, 15.350167254920743, 15.597750597742046, 15.845333940563348, 16.09291728338465, 16.34050062620595, 16.588083969027256, 16.835667311848557, 17.08325065466986, 17.330833997491162, 17.578417340312466, 17.826000683133767, 18.073584025955068, 18.321167368776372, 18.568750711597673, 18.816334054418977, 19.063917397240278, 19.311500740061582, 19.559084082882883, 19.806667425704184, 20.05425076852549, 20.30183411134679, 20.549417454168093, 20.797000796989394, 21.0445841398107, 21.292167482632, 21.5397508254533, 21.787334168274604, 22.034917511095905, 22.28250085391721, 22.53008419673851, 22.777667539559815, 23.025250882381116, 23.272834225202416, 23.52041756802372, 23.76800091084502, 24.015584253666326, 24.263167596487627, 24.51075093930893, 24.75833428213023, 25.005917624951532, 25.253500967772837, 25.501084310594138, 25.748667653415442, 25.996250996236743, 26.243834339058047, 26.491417681879348, 26.73900102470065, 26.986584367521953, 27.234167710343254, 27.481751053164558, 27.72933439598586, 27.976917738807163, 28.224501081628464, 28.472084424449765, 28.71966776727107, 28.96725111009237, 29.214834452913674, 29.462417795734975, 29.71000113855628, 29.95758448137758, 30.20516782419888, 30.452751167020185, 30.700334509841486, 30.94791785266279, 31.19550119548409, 31.443084538305396, 31.690667881126696, 31.938251223947997, 32.1858345667693, 32.4334179095906, 32.6810012524119, 32.92858459523321, 33.17616793805451, 33.42375128087581, 33.67133462369711, 33.918917966518414, 34.16650130933972, 34.41408465216102, 34.661667994982324, 34.909251337803624, 35.15683468062493, 35.40441802344623, 35.652001366267534, 35.899584709088835, 36.147168051910135, 36.39475139473144, 36.642334737552744, 36.889918080374045, 37.137501423195346, 37.38508476601665, 37.632668108837954, 37.880251451659255, 38.127834794480556, 38.37541813730186, 38.623001480123165]], "data01": [[0.0, 9.4], [0.22388685741537212, 19.0], [0.44777371483074424, 10.6], [0.6716605722461164, 9.9], [0.8955474296614885, 14.3], [1.1194342870768605, 12.9], [1.3433211444922328, 10.0], [1.567208001907605, 8.4], [1.791094859322977, 8.6], [2.0149817167383492, 9.4], [2.238868574153721, 7.6], [2.4627554315690934, 6.0], [2.6866422889844657, 5.7], [2.9105291463998375, 5.8], [3.13441600381521, 5.0], [3.3583028612305816, 2.4], [3.582189718645954, 1.7], [3.806076576061326, 1.0], [4.0299634334766985, 1.0], [4.25385029089207, 0.0], [4.477737148307442, 0.0], [4.701624005722815, 0.0], [4.925510863138187, 1.0], [5.149397720553559, 0.0], [5.373284577968931, 0.0], [5.597171435384303, 0.0], [5.821058292799675, 0.0], [6.044945150215047, 0.0], [6.26883200763042, 0.0], [6.492718865045791, 0.0], [6.716605722461163, 0.0], [6.940492579876536, 0.0], [7.164379437291908, 0.0], [7.38826629470728, 0.0], [7.612153152122652, 0.0], [7.836040009538024, 0.0], [8.059926866953397, 0.0], [8.283813724368768, 0.0], [8.50770058178414, 0.0], [8.731587439199513, 0.0], [8.955474296614884, 0.0], [9.179361154030257, 0.0], [9.40324801144563, 0.0], [9.627134868861, 0.0], [9.851021726276374, 0.0], [10.074908583691746, 1.0], [10.298795441107117, 0.0], [10.52268229852249, 0.0], [10.746569155937863, 0.0], [10.970456013353234, 0.0], [11.194342870768606, 0.0], [11.418229728183977, 0.0], [11.64211658559935, 0.0], [11.866003443014723, 0.0], [12.089890300430094, 0.0], [12.313777157845466, 0.0], [12.53766401526084, 0.0], [12.76155087267621, 0.0], [12.985437730091583, 0.0], [13.209324587506956, 0.0], [13.433211444922327, 0.0], [13.6570983023377, 0.0], [13.880985159753072, 0.0], [14.104872017168443, 0.0], [14.328758874583816, 0.0], [14.552645731999188, 0.0], [14.77653258941456, 0.0], [15.000419446829932, 0.0], [15.224306304245305, 0.0], [15.448193161660676, 0.0], [15.672080019076049, 0.0], [15.895966876491421, 0.0], [16.119853733906794, 0.0], [16.343740591322163, 0.0], [16.567627448737536, 0.0], [16.79151430615291, 0.0], [17.01540116356828, 0.0], [17.239288020983654, 0.0], [17.463174878399027, 0.0], [17.687061735814396, 0.0], [17.91094859322977, 0.0], [18.13483545064514, 0.0], [18.358722308060514, 0.0], [18.582609165475887, 0.0], [18.80649602289126, 0.0], [19.03038288030663, 0.0], [19.254269737722, 0.0], [19.478156595137374, 0.0], [19.702043452552747, 0.0], [19.92593030996812, 0.0], [20.149817167383492, 0.0], [20.37370402479886, 0.0], [20.597590882214234, 0.0], [20.821477739629607, 0.0], [21.04536459704498, 0.0], [21.269251454460353, 0.0], [21.493138311875725, 0.0], [21.717025169291094, 0.0], [21.940912026706467, 0.0], [22.16479888412184, 0.0], [22.388685741537213, 0.0], [22.612572598952585, 0.0], [22.836459456367955, 0.0], [23.060346313783327, 0.0], [23.2842331711987, 0.0], [23.508120028614073, 0.0], [23.732006886029446, 0.0], [23.95589374344482, 0.0], [24.179780600860187, 0.0], [24.40366745827556, 0.0], [24.627554315690933, 0.0], [24.851441173106306, 0.0], [25.07532803052168, 0.0], [25.29921488793705, 0.0], [25.52310174535242, 0.0], [25.746988602767793, 0.0], [25.970875460183166, 0.0], [26.19476231759854, 0.0], [26.41864917501391, 0.0], [26.642536032429284, 0.0], [26.866422889844653, 0.0], [27.090309747260026, 0.0], [27.3141966046754, 0.0], [27.53808346209077, 0.0], [27.761970319506144, 0.0], [27.985857176921517, 0.0], [28.209744034336886, 0.0], [28.43363089175226, 0.0], [28.65751774916763, 0.0], [28.881404606583004, 0.0], [29.105291463998377, 0.0], [29.329178321413746, 0.0], [29.55306517882912, 0.0], [29.77695203624449, 0.0], [30.000838893659864, 0.0], [30.224725751075237, 0.0], [30.44861260849061, 0.0], [30.67249946590598, 0.0], [30.89638632332135, 0.0], [31.120273180736724, 0.0], [31.344160038152097, 0.0], [31.56804689556747, 0.0], [31.791933752982843, 0.0], [32.015820610398215, 0.0], [32.23970746781359, 0.0], [32.46359432522896, 0.0], [32.687481182644326, 0.0], [32.9113680400597, 0.0], [33.13525489747507, 0.0], [33.359141754890445, 0.0], [33.58302861230582, 0.0]]}, "id": "el508184423875216"});
       }(mpld3);
    }else if(typeof define === "function" && define.amd){
       // require.js is available: use it to load d3/mpld3
       require.config({paths: {d3: "https://mpld3.github.io/js/d3.v3.min"}});
       require(["d3"], function(d3){
          window.d3 = d3;
          mpld3_load_lib("https://mpld3.github.io/js/mpld3.v0.2.js", function(){
             
             mpld3.draw_figure("fig_el5081844238752164492918530", {"axes": [{"xlim": [0.0, 35.0], "yscale": "linear", "axesbg": "none", "texts": [{"v_baseline": "hanging", "h_anchor": "middle", "color": "#000000", "text": "Eigenvalues", "coordinates": "axes", "zorder": 3, "alpha": 1, "fontsize": 18.0, "position": [0.5, -0.20403225806451619], "rotation": -0.0, "id": "el508184431826384"}, {"v_baseline": "auto", "h_anchor": "middle", "color": "#000000", "text": "Numbers", "coordinates": "axes", "zorder": 3, "alpha": 1, "fontsize": 18.0, "position": [-0.042618727598566303, 0.5], "rotation": -90.0, "id": "el508184431917264"}], "zoomable": true, "images": [], "xdomain": [0.0, 35.0], "ylim": [0.0, 25.0], "paths": [{"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data02", "id": "el508184431567056"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data03", "id": "el508184431568656"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data04", "id": "el508184431574480"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data05", "id": "el508184431576144"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data05", "id": "el508184431442704"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data05", "id": "el508184431444368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data06", "id": "el508184431445648"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data07", "id": "el508184431386320"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data07", "id": "el508184431387984"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data08", "id": "el508184431590416"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data09", "id": "el508184431592080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data09", "id": "el508184431593360"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data09", "id": "el508184653492176"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data10", "id": "el508184653493840"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184653438224"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data12", "id": "el508184653439888"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184653417040"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184653418704"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184653420368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 5, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184653667856"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653669520"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 6, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184427969360"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427971024"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 7, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184427972304"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428006224"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 8, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184428007440"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427986000"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 5, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427987664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 6, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427988944"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 9, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184427859984"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 7, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427861648"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 8, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431913808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 10, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184431931088"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 9, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424239120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 10, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424238032"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 11, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431873680"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 12, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431826192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 13, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184338453904"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 14, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184338476112"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 15, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184338477776"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 16, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184338479056"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 11, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184338432016"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 17, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184338433680"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 18, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654132368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 19, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654133008"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 20, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653982352"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 21, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653984016"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 22, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653985680"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 23, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653987408"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 24, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653989072"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 25, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425909136"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 26, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425910800"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 27, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425912080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 28, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425729872"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 29, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425731536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 30, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425835664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 31, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425837328"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 32, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425740752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 33, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425742416"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 34, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425744080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 35, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433131344"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 36, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433131728"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 37, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433126096"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 38, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433127760"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 39, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433129424"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 40, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433028752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 41, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433030416"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 42, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433249232"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 43, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433250896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 44, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433252176"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 45, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653299600"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 46, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653301264"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 47, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653188304"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 48, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653189968"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 49, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653335056"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 50, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653336720"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 51, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653338384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 52, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653360592"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 53, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653362256"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 54, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735005456"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 55, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735007120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 56, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735008400"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 57, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735125200"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 58, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735126864"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 59, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184734952464"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 60, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184734954128"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 61, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184734955408"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 62, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735018960"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 63, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735020624"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 64, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446610704"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 65, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446612368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 66, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446675536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 67, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446677200"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 68, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446678864"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 69, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446537232"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 70, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446538896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 71, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425204560"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 72, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425206224"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 73, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425207504"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 74, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425103120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 75, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425104784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 76, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425200720"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 77, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425202384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 78, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425203664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 79, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425086992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 80, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425088656"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 81, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663273616"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 82, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663273808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 83, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663505552"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 84, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663507216"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 85, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663508880"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 86, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663305808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 87, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663307472"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 88, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663444368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 89, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663446032"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 90, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663447312"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 91, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431079248"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 92, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431080912"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 93, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430926992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 94, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430928656"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 95, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430881232"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 96, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430882896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 97, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430884560"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 98, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428723984"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 99, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428724560"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 100, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428772048"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 101, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428773712"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 102, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428775376"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 103, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428625552"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 104, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428627216"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 105, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428764112"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 106, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428765776"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 107, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428767056"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 108, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577136528"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 109, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577136336"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 110, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577080528"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 111, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577082192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 112, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577210896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 113, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577212560"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 114, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577214224"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 115, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577179088"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 116, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577180752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 117, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433548048"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 118, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433549712"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 119, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433550992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 120, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433639120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 121, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433640784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 122, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433728528"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 123, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433730192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 124, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433731472"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 12, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184433569744"}], "sharey": [], "sharex": [], "axesbgalpha": null, "axes": [{"scale": "linear", "tickformat": null, "grid": {"gridOn": false}, "fontsize": 11.0, "position": "bottom", "nticks": 8, "tickvalues": null}, {"scale": "linear", "tickformat": null, "grid": {"gridOn": false}, "fontsize": 11.0, "position": "left", "nticks": 6, "tickvalues": null}], "lines": [{"color": "#FF0000", "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 2, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "linewidth": 3, "data": "data01", "id": "el508184431566608"}], "markers": [], "id": "el508184427680016", "ydomain": [0.0, 25.0], "collections": [], "xscale": "linear", "bbox": [0.125, 0.54772727272727284, 0.77500000000000002, 0.35227272727272718]}, {"xlim": [0.0, 40.0], "yscale": "linear", "axesbg": "none", "texts": [{"v_baseline": "hanging", "h_anchor": "middle", "color": "#000000", "text": "Eigenvalues", "coordinates": "axes", "zorder": 3, "alpha": 1, "fontsize": 18.0, "position": [0.5, -0.20403225806451611], "rotation": -0.0, "id": "el508184574356240"}, {"v_baseline": "auto", "h_anchor": "middle", "color": "#000000", "text": "Numbers", "coordinates": "axes", "zorder": 3, "alpha": 1, "fontsize": 18.0, "position": [-0.042618727598566303, 0.49999999999999994], "rotation": -90.0, "id": "el508184574323088"}], "zoomable": true, "images": [], "xdomain": [0.0, 40.0], "ylim": [0.0, 30.0], "paths": [{"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data15", "id": "el508184657571344"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data16", "id": "el508184657572944"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data17", "id": "el508184659069712"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data18", "id": "el508184659069648"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data05", "id": "el508184659072464"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data06", "id": "el508184658927312"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data19", "id": "el508184658928976"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data08", "id": "el508184658967568"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data07", "id": "el508184658969232"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data08", "id": "el508184658970512"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data12", "id": "el508184658984912"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data12", "id": "el508184658986576"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data12", "id": "el508184663850256"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data10", "id": "el508184663851920"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data10", "id": "el508184663906896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data10", "id": "el508184663908560"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 13, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184663910224"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 125, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663985680"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 14, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184663987344"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 15, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184663829328"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 126, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663830992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 127, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663832272"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 16, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184738762512"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 17, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184738764176"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 128, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184738733136"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 129, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184738734800"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 18, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184738736080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 130, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184738607120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 131, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184738608784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 132, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184738794832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 133, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184738796496"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 19, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184656992912"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 134, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184656994576"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 135, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184656996240"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 136, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184657067600"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 137, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184657069264"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 138, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431142160"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 139, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431139088"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 140, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184574324624"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 141, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184574512208"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 142, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184657174800"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 143, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184657176464"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 144, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184665128208"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 145, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431920016"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 146, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427590736"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 147, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427588048"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 148, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433292752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 149, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424280784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 150, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427579984"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 151, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427581840"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 152, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427680720"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 20, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184431546640"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 153, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431547792"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 154, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353066384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 155, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353068304"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 156, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353067024"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 157, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427759504"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 158, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427756816"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 159, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353102992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 160, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353103056"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 161, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424184336"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 162, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424187664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 163, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424184784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 164, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184426074384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 165, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184426073872"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 166, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430460560"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 167, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430460880"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 168, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427561424"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 169, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427562320"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 170, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427561488"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 171, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184426272528"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 172, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184426269392"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 173, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184429939536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 174, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184429942736"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 175, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184432870608"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 176, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184432871376"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 177, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433414352"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 178, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433415888"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 179, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433416144"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 180, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425712784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 181, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425712464"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 182, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427750096"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 183, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427748880"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 184, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184445235472"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 185, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184445235408"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 186, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184445235536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 187, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427546192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 188, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427543952"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 189, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433660304"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 190, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433661264"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 191, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425766544"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 192, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425766864"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 193, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433276880"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 194, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433276176"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 195, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424328464"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 196, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424328080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 197, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424327632"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 198, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184563859728"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 199, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184563859984"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 200, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353062672"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 201, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353061584"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 202, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184572552592"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 203, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184572551888"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 204, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184565520080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 205, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184565516880"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 206, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654353040"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 207, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654350864"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 208, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654351056"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 209, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184426166736"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 210, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184426167184"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 211, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654182288"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 212, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654178832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 213, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654178896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 214, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184423957776"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 215, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184423958288"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 216, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653793488"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 217, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653796688"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 218, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663661648"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 219, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663664528"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 220, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653508304"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 221, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653508112"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 222, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653510032"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 223, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184423923472"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 224, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184301476432"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 225, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184429991120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 226, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184429990992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 227, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430406736"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 228, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425991568"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 229, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425991504"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 230, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425990416"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 231, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663778960"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 232, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663776656"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 233, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353187088"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 234, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353185680"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 235, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184656970704"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 236, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184656968272"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 237, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184423874960"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 238, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184423873808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 239, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184423874832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 240, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431394512"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 241, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431393488"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 242, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353234384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 243, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353233936"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 244, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184429966864"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 245, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184429964368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 246, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184364985360"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 247, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433780368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 248, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433776784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 249, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425290768"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 250, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425293264"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 251, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431356496"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 252, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431359248"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 253, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431356432"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 254, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424043408"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 255, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424041680"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 256, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184565693712"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 257, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663604688"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 21, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184353364368"}], "sharey": [], "sharex": [], "axesbgalpha": null, "axes": [{"scale": "linear", "tickformat": null, "grid": {"gridOn": false}, "fontsize": 11.0, "position": "bottom", "nticks": 9, "tickvalues": null}, {"scale": "linear", "tickformat": null, "grid": {"gridOn": false}, "fontsize": 11.0, "position": "left", "nticks": 7, "tickvalues": null}], "lines": [{"color": "#FF0000", "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 2, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "linewidth": 3, "data": "data14", "id": "el508184657570896"}], "markers": [], "id": "el508184431566992", "ydomain": [0.0, 30.0], "collections": [], "xscale": "linear", "bbox": [0.125, 0.12500000000000011, 0.77500000000000002, 0.35227272727272724]}], "height": 320.0, "width": 720.0, "plugins": [{"type": "reset"}, {"enabled": false, "button": true, "type": "zoom"}, {"enabled": false, "button": true, "type": "boxzoom"}], "data": {"data12": [[3.3583028612305816, 0.0, 2.475833428213023, 2.7234167710343256, 2.9710001138556277], [3.582189718645954, 0.0, 2.7234167710343256, 2.9710001138556277, 3.2185834566769302], [3.582189718645954, 3.0, 2.7234167710343256, 2.9710001138556277, 3.2185834566769302], [3.3583028612305816, 3.0, 2.475833428213023, 2.7234167710343256, 2.9710001138556277]], "data16": [[0.24758334282130232, 0.0], [0.49516668564260463, 0.0], [0.49516668564260463, 29.0], [0.24758334282130232, 29.0]], "data11": [[3.13441600381521, 0.0, 3.582189718645954, 3.806076576061326, 4.0299634334766985, 4.25385029089207, 4.701624005722815, 5.149397720553559, 5.597171435384303, 6.492718865045791, 7.164379437291908, 9.179361154030257, 33.58302861230582, 3.961333485140837, 4.456500170783442, 4.704083513604744, 5.446833542068651, 5.694416884889954, 6.4371669133538605, 7.6750836274603715, 12.626750483886418, 38.870584822944465], [3.3583028612305816, 0.0, 3.806076576061326, 4.0299634334766985, 4.25385029089207, 4.477737148307442, 4.925510863138187, 5.373284577968931, 5.821058292799675, 6.716605722461163, 7.38826629470728, 9.40324801144563, 33.80691546972119, 4.208916827962139, 4.704083513604744, 4.951666856426046, 5.694416884889954, 5.942000227711255, 6.684750256175162, 7.922666970281674, 12.874333826707721, 39.118168165765766], [3.3583028612305816, 1.0, 3.806076576061326, 4.0299634334766985, 4.25385029089207, 4.477737148307442, 4.925510863138187, 5.373284577968931, 5.821058292799675, 6.716605722461163, 7.38826629470728, 9.40324801144563, 33.80691546972119, 4.208916827962139, 4.704083513604744, 4.951666856426046, 5.694416884889954, 5.942000227711255, 6.684750256175162, 7.922666970281674, 12.874333826707721, 39.118168165765766], [3.13441600381521, 1.0, 3.582189718645954, 3.806076576061326, 4.0299634334766985, 4.25385029089207, 4.701624005722815, 5.149397720553559, 5.597171435384303, 6.492718865045791, 7.164379437291908, 9.179361154030257, 33.58302861230582, 3.961333485140837, 4.456500170783442, 4.704083513604744, 5.446833542068651, 5.694416884889954, 6.4371669133538605, 7.6750836274603715, 12.626750483886418, 38.870584822944465]], "data17": [[0.49516668564260463, 0.0], [0.7427500284639069, 0.0], [0.7427500284639069, 18.0], [0.49516668564260463, 18.0]], "data14": [[0.0, 14.9], [0.24758334282130232, 21.5], [0.49516668564260463, 16.0], [0.7427500284639069, 14.6], [0.9903333712852093, 13.3], [1.2379167141065115, 10.8], [1.4855000569278138, 11.0], [1.7330833997491162, 8.4], [1.9806667425704185, 8.8], [2.228250085391721, 6.9], [2.475833428213023, 6.9], [2.7234167710343256, 5.5], [2.9710001138556277, 5.2], [3.2185834566769302, 5.1], [3.4661667994982324, 2.8], [3.713750142319535, 1.6], [3.961333485140837, 1.4], [4.208916827962139, 1.4], [4.456500170783442, 0.5], [4.704083513604744, 0.0], [4.951666856426046, 0.0], [5.1992501992473485, 0.0], [5.446833542068651, 0.0], [5.694416884889954, 0.0], [5.942000227711255, 0.0], [6.189583570532558, 0.0], [6.4371669133538605, 0.0], [6.684750256175162, 0.0], [6.932333598996465, 0.0], [7.179916941817767, 0.0], [7.42750028463907, 0.0], [7.6750836274603715, 0.0], [7.922666970281674, 0.0], [8.170250313102976, 0.0], [8.417833655924278, 0.0], [8.665416998745581, 0.0], [8.913000341566883, 0.0], [9.160583684388186, 0.0], [9.408167027209489, 0.0], [9.655750370030791, 0.0], [9.903333712852092, 0.0], [10.150917055673395, 0.0], [10.398500398494697, 0.0], [10.646083741316, 0.0], [10.893667084137302, 0.0], [11.141250426958605, 0.0], [11.388833769779907, 0.0], [11.636417112601208, 0.0], [11.88400045542251, 0.0], [12.131583798243813, 0.0], [12.379167141065116, 0.0], [12.626750483886418, 0.0], [12.874333826707721, 0.0], [13.121917169529024, 0.0], [13.369500512350324, 0.0], [13.617083855171627, 0.0], [13.86466719799293, 0.0], [14.112250540814232, 0.6], [14.359833883635535, 0.4], [14.607417226456837, 0.0], [14.85500056927814, 0.0], [15.10258391209944, 0.0], [15.350167254920743, 0.0], [15.597750597742046, 0.0], [15.845333940563348, 0.0], [16.09291728338465, 0.0], [16.34050062620595, 0.0], [16.588083969027256, 0.0], [16.835667311848557, 0.0], [17.08325065466986, 0.0], [17.330833997491162, 0.0], [17.578417340312466, 0.0], [17.826000683133767, 0.0], [18.073584025955068, 0.0], [18.321167368776372, 0.0], [18.568750711597673, 0.0], [18.816334054418977, 0.0], [19.063917397240278, 0.0], [19.311500740061582, 0.0], [19.559084082882883, 0.0], [19.806667425704184, 0.0], [20.05425076852549, 0.0], [20.30183411134679, 0.0], [20.549417454168093, 0.0], [20.797000796989394, 0.0], [21.0445841398107, 0.0], [21.292167482632, 0.0], [21.5397508254533, 0.0], [21.787334168274604, 0.0], [22.034917511095905, 0.0], [22.28250085391721, 0.0], [22.53008419673851, 0.0], [22.777667539559815, 0.0], [23.025250882381116, 0.0], [23.272834225202416, 0.0], [23.52041756802372, 0.0], [23.76800091084502, 0.0], [24.015584253666326, 0.0], [24.263167596487627, 0.0], [24.51075093930893, 0.0], [24.75833428213023, 0.0], [25.005917624951532, 0.0], [25.253500967772837, 0.0], [25.501084310594138, 0.0], [25.748667653415442, 0.0], [25.996250996236743, 0.0], [26.243834339058047, 0.0], [26.491417681879348, 0.0], [26.73900102470065, 0.0], [26.986584367521953, 0.0], [27.234167710343254, 0.0], [27.481751053164558, 0.0], [27.72933439598586, 0.0], [27.976917738807163, 0.0], [28.224501081628464, 0.0], [28.472084424449765, 0.0], [28.71966776727107, 0.0], [28.96725111009237, 0.0], [29.214834452913674, 0.0], [29.462417795734975, 0.0], [29.71000113855628, 0.0], [29.95758448137758, 0.0], [30.20516782419888, 0.0], [30.452751167020185, 0.0], [30.700334509841486, 0.0], [30.94791785266279, 0.0], [31.19550119548409, 0.0], [31.443084538305396, 0.0], [31.690667881126696, 0.0], [31.938251223947997, 0.0], [32.1858345667693, 0.0], [32.4334179095906, 0.0], [32.6810012524119, 0.0], [32.92858459523321, 0.0], [33.17616793805451, 0.0], [33.42375128087581, 0.0], [33.67133462369711, 0.0], [33.918917966518414, 0.0], [34.16650130933972, 0.0], [34.41408465216102, 0.0], [34.661667994982324, 0.0], [34.909251337803624, 0.0], [35.15683468062493, 0.0], [35.40441802344623, 0.0], [35.652001366267534, 0.0], [35.899584709088835, 0.0], [36.147168051910135, 0.0], [36.39475139473144, 0.0], [36.642334737552744, 0.0], [36.889918080374045, 0.0], [37.137501423195346, 0.0], [37.38508476601665, 0.0], [37.632668108837954, 0.0], [37.880251451659255, 0.0], [38.127834794480556, 0.0], [38.37541813730186, 0.0], [38.623001480123165, 0.0], [38.870584822944465, 0.0]], "data10": [[2.9105291463998375, 0.0, 3.2185834566769302, 3.4661667994982324, 3.713750142319535], [3.13441600381521, 0.0, 3.4661667994982324, 3.713750142319535, 3.961333485140837], [3.13441600381521, 2.0, 3.4661667994982324, 3.713750142319535, 3.961333485140837], [2.9105291463998375, 2.0, 3.2185834566769302, 3.4661667994982324, 3.713750142319535]], "data15": [[0.0, 0.0], [0.24758334282130232, 0.0], [0.24758334282130232, 28.0], [0.0, 28.0]], "data19": [[1.4855000569278138, 0.0], [1.7330833997491162, 0.0], [1.7330833997491162, 7.0], [1.4855000569278138, 7.0]], "data18": [[0.7427500284639069, 0.0], [0.9903333712852093, 0.0], [0.9903333712852093, 14.0], [0.7427500284639069, 14.0]], "data08": [[2.0149817167383492, 0.0, 1.7330833997491162, 2.228250085391721], [2.238868574153721, 0.0, 1.9806667425704185, 2.475833428213023], [2.238868574153721, 5.0, 1.9806667425704185, 2.475833428213023], [2.0149817167383492, 5.0, 1.7330833997491162, 2.228250085391721]], "data09": [[2.238868574153721, 0.0, 2.4627554315690934, 2.6866422889844657], [2.4627554315690934, 0.0, 2.6866422889844657, 2.9105291463998375], [2.4627554315690934, 4.0, 2.6866422889844657, 2.9105291463998375], [2.238868574153721, 4.0, 2.4627554315690934, 2.6866422889844657]], "data06": [[1.3433211444922328, 0.0, 1.2379167141065115], [1.567208001907605, 0.0, 1.4855000569278138], [1.567208001907605, 9.0, 1.4855000569278138], [1.3433211444922328, 9.0, 1.2379167141065115]], "data07": [[1.567208001907605, 0.0, 1.791094859322977, 1.9806667425704185], [1.791094859322977, 0.0, 2.0149817167383492, 2.228250085391721], [1.791094859322977, 6.0, 2.0149817167383492, 2.228250085391721], [1.567208001907605, 6.0, 1.791094859322977, 1.9806667425704185]], "data04": [[0.44777371483074424, 0.0], [0.6716605722461164, 0.0], [0.6716605722461164, 19.0], [0.44777371483074424, 19.0]], "data05": [[0.6716605722461164, 0.0, 0.8955474296614885, 1.1194342870768605, 0.9903333712852093], [0.8955474296614885, 0.0, 1.1194342870768605, 1.3433211444922328, 1.2379167141065115], [0.8955474296614885, 12.0, 1.1194342870768605, 1.3433211444922328, 1.2379167141065115], [0.6716605722461164, 12.0, 0.8955474296614885, 1.1194342870768605, 0.9903333712852093]], "data02": [[0.0, 0.0], [0.22388685741537212, 0.0], [0.22388685741537212, 16.0], [0.0, 16.0]], "data03": [[0.22388685741537212, 0.0], [0.44777371483074424, 0.0], [0.44777371483074424, 25.0], [0.22388685741537212, 25.0]], "data13": [[4.477737148307442, 0.0, 4.925510863138187, 5.373284577968931, 5.821058292799675, 6.044945150215047, 6.26883200763042, 6.716605722461163, 6.940492579876536, 7.38826629470728, 7.612153152122652, 7.836040009538024, 8.059926866953397, 8.283813724368768, 8.50770058178414, 8.731587439199513, 8.955474296614884, 9.40324801144563, 9.627134868861, 9.851021726276374, 10.074908583691746, 10.298795441107117, 10.52268229852249, 10.746569155937863, 10.970456013353234, 11.194342870768606, 11.418229728183977, 11.64211658559935, 11.866003443014723, 12.089890300430094, 12.313777157845466, 12.53766401526084, 12.76155087267621, 12.985437730091583, 13.209324587506956, 13.433211444922327, 13.6570983023377, 13.880985159753072, 14.104872017168443, 14.328758874583816, 14.552645731999188, 14.77653258941456, 15.000419446829932, 15.224306304245305, 15.448193161660676, 15.672080019076049, 15.895966876491421, 16.119853733906794, 16.343740591322163, 16.567627448737536, 16.79151430615291, 17.01540116356828, 17.239288020983654, 17.463174878399027, 17.687061735814396, 17.91094859322977, 18.13483545064514, 18.358722308060514, 18.582609165475887, 18.80649602289126, 19.03038288030663, 19.254269737722, 19.478156595137374, 19.702043452552747, 19.92593030996812, 20.149817167383492, 20.37370402479886, 20.597590882214234, 20.821477739629607, 21.04536459704498, 21.269251454460353, 21.493138311875725, 21.717025169291094, 21.940912026706467, 22.16479888412184, 22.388685741537213, 22.612572598952585, 22.836459456367955, 23.060346313783327, 23.2842331711987, 23.508120028614073, 23.732006886029446, 23.95589374344482, 24.179780600860187, 24.40366745827556, 24.627554315690933, 24.851441173106306, 25.07532803052168, 25.29921488793705, 25.52310174535242, 25.746988602767793, 25.970875460183166, 26.19476231759854, 26.41864917501391, 26.642536032429284, 26.866422889844653, 27.090309747260026, 27.3141966046754, 27.53808346209077, 27.761970319506144, 27.985857176921517, 28.209744034336886, 28.43363089175226, 28.65751774916763, 28.881404606583004, 29.105291463998377, 29.329178321413746, 29.55306517882912, 29.77695203624449, 30.000838893659864, 30.224725751075237, 30.44861260849061, 30.67249946590598, 30.89638632332135, 31.120273180736724, 31.344160038152097, 31.56804689556747, 31.791933752982843, 32.015820610398215, 32.23970746781359, 32.46359432522896, 32.687481182644326, 32.9113680400597, 33.13525489747507, 33.359141754890445, 4.208916827962139, 4.951666856426046, 5.1992501992473485, 5.942000227711255, 6.189583570532558, 6.684750256175162, 6.932333598996465, 7.179916941817767, 7.42750028463907, 7.922666970281674, 8.170250313102976, 8.417833655924278, 8.665416998745581, 8.913000341566883, 9.160583684388186, 9.408167027209489, 9.655750370030791, 9.903333712852092, 10.150917055673395, 10.398500398494697, 10.646083741316, 10.893667084137302, 11.141250426958605, 11.388833769779907, 11.636417112601208, 11.88400045542251, 12.131583798243813, 12.379167141065116, 12.874333826707721, 13.121917169529024, 13.369500512350324, 13.617083855171627, 13.86466719799293, 14.112250540814232, 14.359833883635535, 14.607417226456837, 14.85500056927814, 15.10258391209944, 15.350167254920743, 15.597750597742046, 15.845333940563348, 16.09291728338465, 16.34050062620595, 16.588083969027256, 16.835667311848557, 17.08325065466986, 17.330833997491162, 17.578417340312466, 17.826000683133767, 18.073584025955068, 18.321167368776372, 18.568750711597673, 18.816334054418977, 19.063917397240278, 19.311500740061582, 19.559084082882883, 19.806667425704184, 20.05425076852549, 20.30183411134679, 20.549417454168093, 20.797000796989394, 21.0445841398107, 21.292167482632, 21.5397508254533, 21.787334168274604, 22.034917511095905, 22.28250085391721, 22.53008419673851, 22.777667539559815, 23.025250882381116, 23.272834225202416, 23.52041756802372, 23.76800091084502, 24.015584253666326, 24.263167596487627, 24.51075093930893, 24.75833428213023, 25.005917624951532, 25.253500967772837, 25.501084310594138, 25.748667653415442, 25.996250996236743, 26.243834339058047, 26.491417681879348, 26.73900102470065, 26.986584367521953, 27.234167710343254, 27.481751053164558, 27.72933439598586, 27.976917738807163, 28.224501081628464, 28.472084424449765, 28.71966776727107, 28.96725111009237, 29.214834452913674, 29.462417795734975, 29.71000113855628, 29.95758448137758, 30.20516782419888, 30.452751167020185, 30.700334509841486, 30.94791785266279, 31.19550119548409, 31.443084538305396, 31.690667881126696, 31.938251223947997, 32.1858345667693, 32.4334179095906, 32.6810012524119, 32.92858459523321, 33.17616793805451, 33.42375128087581, 33.67133462369711, 33.918917966518414, 34.16650130933972, 34.41408465216102, 34.661667994982324, 34.909251337803624, 35.15683468062493, 35.40441802344623, 35.652001366267534, 35.899584709088835, 36.147168051910135, 36.39475139473144, 36.642334737552744, 36.889918080374045, 37.137501423195346, 37.38508476601665, 37.632668108837954, 37.880251451659255, 38.127834794480556, 38.37541813730186, 38.623001480123165], [4.701624005722815, 0.0, 5.149397720553559, 5.597171435384303, 6.044945150215047, 6.26883200763042, 6.492718865045791, 6.940492579876536, 7.164379437291908, 7.612153152122652, 7.836040009538024, 8.059926866953397, 8.283813724368768, 8.50770058178414, 8.731587439199513, 8.955474296614884, 9.179361154030257, 9.627134868861, 9.851021726276374, 10.074908583691746, 10.298795441107117, 10.52268229852249, 10.746569155937863, 10.970456013353234, 11.194342870768606, 11.418229728183977, 11.64211658559935, 11.866003443014723, 12.089890300430094, 12.313777157845466, 12.53766401526084, 12.76155087267621, 12.985437730091583, 13.209324587506956, 13.433211444922327, 13.6570983023377, 13.880985159753072, 14.104872017168443, 14.328758874583816, 14.552645731999188, 14.77653258941456, 15.000419446829932, 15.224306304245305, 15.448193161660676, 15.672080019076049, 15.895966876491421, 16.119853733906794, 16.343740591322163, 16.567627448737536, 16.79151430615291, 17.01540116356828, 17.239288020983654, 17.463174878399027, 17.687061735814396, 17.91094859322977, 18.13483545064514, 18.358722308060514, 18.582609165475887, 18.80649602289126, 19.03038288030663, 19.254269737722, 19.478156595137374, 19.702043452552747, 19.92593030996812, 20.149817167383492, 20.37370402479886, 20.597590882214234, 20.821477739629607, 21.04536459704498, 21.269251454460353, 21.493138311875725, 21.717025169291094, 21.940912026706467, 22.16479888412184, 22.388685741537213, 22.612572598952585, 22.836459456367955, 23.060346313783327, 23.2842331711987, 23.508120028614073, 23.732006886029446, 23.95589374344482, 24.179780600860187, 24.40366745827556, 24.627554315690933, 24.851441173106306, 25.07532803052168, 25.29921488793705, 25.52310174535242, 25.746988602767793, 25.970875460183166, 26.19476231759854, 26.41864917501391, 26.642536032429284, 26.866422889844653, 27.090309747260026, 27.3141966046754, 27.53808346209077, 27.761970319506144, 27.985857176921517, 28.209744034336886, 28.43363089175226, 28.65751774916763, 28.881404606583004, 29.105291463998377, 29.329178321413746, 29.55306517882912, 29.77695203624449, 30.000838893659864, 30.224725751075237, 30.44861260849061, 30.67249946590598, 30.89638632332135, 31.120273180736724, 31.344160038152097, 31.56804689556747, 31.791933752982843, 32.015820610398215, 32.23970746781359, 32.46359432522896, 32.687481182644326, 32.9113680400597, 33.13525489747507, 33.359141754890445, 33.58302861230582, 4.456500170783442, 5.1992501992473485, 5.446833542068651, 6.189583570532558, 6.4371669133538605, 6.932333598996465, 7.179916941817767, 7.42750028463907, 7.6750836274603715, 8.170250313102976, 8.417833655924278, 8.665416998745581, 8.913000341566883, 9.160583684388186, 9.408167027209489, 9.655750370030791, 9.903333712852092, 10.150917055673395, 10.398500398494697, 10.646083741316, 10.893667084137302, 11.141250426958605, 11.388833769779907, 11.636417112601208, 11.88400045542251, 12.131583798243813, 12.379167141065116, 12.626750483886418, 13.121917169529024, 13.369500512350324, 13.617083855171627, 13.86466719799293, 14.112250540814232, 14.359833883635535, 14.607417226456837, 14.85500056927814, 15.10258391209944, 15.350167254920743, 15.597750597742046, 15.845333940563348, 16.09291728338465, 16.34050062620595, 16.588083969027256, 16.835667311848557, 17.08325065466986, 17.330833997491162, 17.578417340312466, 17.826000683133767, 18.073584025955068, 18.321167368776372, 18.568750711597673, 18.816334054418977, 19.063917397240278, 19.311500740061582, 19.559084082882883, 19.806667425704184, 20.05425076852549, 20.30183411134679, 20.549417454168093, 20.797000796989394, 21.0445841398107, 21.292167482632, 21.5397508254533, 21.787334168274604, 22.034917511095905, 22.28250085391721, 22.53008419673851, 22.777667539559815, 23.025250882381116, 23.272834225202416, 23.52041756802372, 23.76800091084502, 24.015584253666326, 24.263167596487627, 24.51075093930893, 24.75833428213023, 25.005917624951532, 25.253500967772837, 25.501084310594138, 25.748667653415442, 25.996250996236743, 26.243834339058047, 26.491417681879348, 26.73900102470065, 26.986584367521953, 27.234167710343254, 27.481751053164558, 27.72933439598586, 27.976917738807163, 28.224501081628464, 28.472084424449765, 28.71966776727107, 28.96725111009237, 29.214834452913674, 29.462417795734975, 29.71000113855628, 29.95758448137758, 30.20516782419888, 30.452751167020185, 30.700334509841486, 30.94791785266279, 31.19550119548409, 31.443084538305396, 31.690667881126696, 31.938251223947997, 32.1858345667693, 32.4334179095906, 32.6810012524119, 32.92858459523321, 33.17616793805451, 33.42375128087581, 33.67133462369711, 33.918917966518414, 34.16650130933972, 34.41408465216102, 34.661667994982324, 34.909251337803624, 35.15683468062493, 35.40441802344623, 35.652001366267534, 35.899584709088835, 36.147168051910135, 36.39475139473144, 36.642334737552744, 36.889918080374045, 37.137501423195346, 37.38508476601665, 37.632668108837954, 37.880251451659255, 38.127834794480556, 38.37541813730186, 38.623001480123165, 38.870584822944465], [4.701624005722815, 0.0, 5.149397720553559, 5.597171435384303, 6.044945150215047, 6.26883200763042, 6.492718865045791, 6.940492579876536, 7.164379437291908, 7.612153152122652, 7.836040009538024, 8.059926866953397, 8.283813724368768, 8.50770058178414, 8.731587439199513, 8.955474296614884, 9.179361154030257, 9.627134868861, 9.851021726276374, 10.074908583691746, 10.298795441107117, 10.52268229852249, 10.746569155937863, 10.970456013353234, 11.194342870768606, 11.418229728183977, 11.64211658559935, 11.866003443014723, 12.089890300430094, 12.313777157845466, 12.53766401526084, 12.76155087267621, 12.985437730091583, 13.209324587506956, 13.433211444922327, 13.6570983023377, 13.880985159753072, 14.104872017168443, 14.328758874583816, 14.552645731999188, 14.77653258941456, 15.000419446829932, 15.224306304245305, 15.448193161660676, 15.672080019076049, 15.895966876491421, 16.119853733906794, 16.343740591322163, 16.567627448737536, 16.79151430615291, 17.01540116356828, 17.239288020983654, 17.463174878399027, 17.687061735814396, 17.91094859322977, 18.13483545064514, 18.358722308060514, 18.582609165475887, 18.80649602289126, 19.03038288030663, 19.254269737722, 19.478156595137374, 19.702043452552747, 19.92593030996812, 20.149817167383492, 20.37370402479886, 20.597590882214234, 20.821477739629607, 21.04536459704498, 21.269251454460353, 21.493138311875725, 21.717025169291094, 21.940912026706467, 22.16479888412184, 22.388685741537213, 22.612572598952585, 22.836459456367955, 23.060346313783327, 23.2842331711987, 23.508120028614073, 23.732006886029446, 23.95589374344482, 24.179780600860187, 24.40366745827556, 24.627554315690933, 24.851441173106306, 25.07532803052168, 25.29921488793705, 25.52310174535242, 25.746988602767793, 25.970875460183166, 26.19476231759854, 26.41864917501391, 26.642536032429284, 26.866422889844653, 27.090309747260026, 27.3141966046754, 27.53808346209077, 27.761970319506144, 27.985857176921517, 28.209744034336886, 28.43363089175226, 28.65751774916763, 28.881404606583004, 29.105291463998377, 29.329178321413746, 29.55306517882912, 29.77695203624449, 30.000838893659864, 30.224725751075237, 30.44861260849061, 30.67249946590598, 30.89638632332135, 31.120273180736724, 31.344160038152097, 31.56804689556747, 31.791933752982843, 32.015820610398215, 32.23970746781359, 32.46359432522896, 32.687481182644326, 32.9113680400597, 33.13525489747507, 33.359141754890445, 33.58302861230582, 4.456500170783442, 5.1992501992473485, 5.446833542068651, 6.189583570532558, 6.4371669133538605, 6.932333598996465, 7.179916941817767, 7.42750028463907, 7.6750836274603715, 8.170250313102976, 8.417833655924278, 8.665416998745581, 8.913000341566883, 9.160583684388186, 9.408167027209489, 9.655750370030791, 9.903333712852092, 10.150917055673395, 10.398500398494697, 10.646083741316, 10.893667084137302, 11.141250426958605, 11.388833769779907, 11.636417112601208, 11.88400045542251, 12.131583798243813, 12.379167141065116, 12.626750483886418, 13.121917169529024, 13.369500512350324, 13.617083855171627, 13.86466719799293, 14.112250540814232, 14.359833883635535, 14.607417226456837, 14.85500056927814, 15.10258391209944, 15.350167254920743, 15.597750597742046, 15.845333940563348, 16.09291728338465, 16.34050062620595, 16.588083969027256, 16.835667311848557, 17.08325065466986, 17.330833997491162, 17.578417340312466, 17.826000683133767, 18.073584025955068, 18.321167368776372, 18.568750711597673, 18.816334054418977, 19.063917397240278, 19.311500740061582, 19.559084082882883, 19.806667425704184, 20.05425076852549, 20.30183411134679, 20.549417454168093, 20.797000796989394, 21.0445841398107, 21.292167482632, 21.5397508254533, 21.787334168274604, 22.034917511095905, 22.28250085391721, 22.53008419673851, 22.777667539559815, 23.025250882381116, 23.272834225202416, 23.52041756802372, 23.76800091084502, 24.015584253666326, 24.263167596487627, 24.51075093930893, 24.75833428213023, 25.005917624951532, 25.253500967772837, 25.501084310594138, 25.748667653415442, 25.996250996236743, 26.243834339058047, 26.491417681879348, 26.73900102470065, 26.986584367521953, 27.234167710343254, 27.481751053164558, 27.72933439598586, 27.976917738807163, 28.224501081628464, 28.472084424449765, 28.71966776727107, 28.96725111009237, 29.214834452913674, 29.462417795734975, 29.71000113855628, 29.95758448137758, 30.20516782419888, 30.452751167020185, 30.700334509841486, 30.94791785266279, 31.19550119548409, 31.443084538305396, 31.690667881126696, 31.938251223947997, 32.1858345667693, 32.4334179095906, 32.6810012524119, 32.92858459523321, 33.17616793805451, 33.42375128087581, 33.67133462369711, 33.918917966518414, 34.16650130933972, 34.41408465216102, 34.661667994982324, 34.909251337803624, 35.15683468062493, 35.40441802344623, 35.652001366267534, 35.899584709088835, 36.147168051910135, 36.39475139473144, 36.642334737552744, 36.889918080374045, 37.137501423195346, 37.38508476601665, 37.632668108837954, 37.880251451659255, 38.127834794480556, 38.37541813730186, 38.623001480123165, 38.870584822944465], [4.477737148307442, 0.0, 4.925510863138187, 5.373284577968931, 5.821058292799675, 6.044945150215047, 6.26883200763042, 6.716605722461163, 6.940492579876536, 7.38826629470728, 7.612153152122652, 7.836040009538024, 8.059926866953397, 8.283813724368768, 8.50770058178414, 8.731587439199513, 8.955474296614884, 9.40324801144563, 9.627134868861, 9.851021726276374, 10.074908583691746, 10.298795441107117, 10.52268229852249, 10.746569155937863, 10.970456013353234, 11.194342870768606, 11.418229728183977, 11.64211658559935, 11.866003443014723, 12.089890300430094, 12.313777157845466, 12.53766401526084, 12.76155087267621, 12.985437730091583, 13.209324587506956, 13.433211444922327, 13.6570983023377, 13.880985159753072, 14.104872017168443, 14.328758874583816, 14.552645731999188, 14.77653258941456, 15.000419446829932, 15.224306304245305, 15.448193161660676, 15.672080019076049, 15.895966876491421, 16.119853733906794, 16.343740591322163, 16.567627448737536, 16.79151430615291, 17.01540116356828, 17.239288020983654, 17.463174878399027, 17.687061735814396, 17.91094859322977, 18.13483545064514, 18.358722308060514, 18.582609165475887, 18.80649602289126, 19.03038288030663, 19.254269737722, 19.478156595137374, 19.702043452552747, 19.92593030996812, 20.149817167383492, 20.37370402479886, 20.597590882214234, 20.821477739629607, 21.04536459704498, 21.269251454460353, 21.493138311875725, 21.717025169291094, 21.940912026706467, 22.16479888412184, 22.388685741537213, 22.612572598952585, 22.836459456367955, 23.060346313783327, 23.2842331711987, 23.508120028614073, 23.732006886029446, 23.95589374344482, 24.179780600860187, 24.40366745827556, 24.627554315690933, 24.851441173106306, 25.07532803052168, 25.29921488793705, 25.52310174535242, 25.746988602767793, 25.970875460183166, 26.19476231759854, 26.41864917501391, 26.642536032429284, 26.866422889844653, 27.090309747260026, 27.3141966046754, 27.53808346209077, 27.761970319506144, 27.985857176921517, 28.209744034336886, 28.43363089175226, 28.65751774916763, 28.881404606583004, 29.105291463998377, 29.329178321413746, 29.55306517882912, 29.77695203624449, 30.000838893659864, 30.224725751075237, 30.44861260849061, 30.67249946590598, 30.89638632332135, 31.120273180736724, 31.344160038152097, 31.56804689556747, 31.791933752982843, 32.015820610398215, 32.23970746781359, 32.46359432522896, 32.687481182644326, 32.9113680400597, 33.13525489747507, 33.359141754890445, 4.208916827962139, 4.951666856426046, 5.1992501992473485, 5.942000227711255, 6.189583570532558, 6.684750256175162, 6.932333598996465, 7.179916941817767, 7.42750028463907, 7.922666970281674, 8.170250313102976, 8.417833655924278, 8.665416998745581, 8.913000341566883, 9.160583684388186, 9.408167027209489, 9.655750370030791, 9.903333712852092, 10.150917055673395, 10.398500398494697, 10.646083741316, 10.893667084137302, 11.141250426958605, 11.388833769779907, 11.636417112601208, 11.88400045542251, 12.131583798243813, 12.379167141065116, 12.874333826707721, 13.121917169529024, 13.369500512350324, 13.617083855171627, 13.86466719799293, 14.112250540814232, 14.359833883635535, 14.607417226456837, 14.85500056927814, 15.10258391209944, 15.350167254920743, 15.597750597742046, 15.845333940563348, 16.09291728338465, 16.34050062620595, 16.588083969027256, 16.835667311848557, 17.08325065466986, 17.330833997491162, 17.578417340312466, 17.826000683133767, 18.073584025955068, 18.321167368776372, 18.568750711597673, 18.816334054418977, 19.063917397240278, 19.311500740061582, 19.559084082882883, 19.806667425704184, 20.05425076852549, 20.30183411134679, 20.549417454168093, 20.797000796989394, 21.0445841398107, 21.292167482632, 21.5397508254533, 21.787334168274604, 22.034917511095905, 22.28250085391721, 22.53008419673851, 22.777667539559815, 23.025250882381116, 23.272834225202416, 23.52041756802372, 23.76800091084502, 24.015584253666326, 24.263167596487627, 24.51075093930893, 24.75833428213023, 25.005917624951532, 25.253500967772837, 25.501084310594138, 25.748667653415442, 25.996250996236743, 26.243834339058047, 26.491417681879348, 26.73900102470065, 26.986584367521953, 27.234167710343254, 27.481751053164558, 27.72933439598586, 27.976917738807163, 28.224501081628464, 28.472084424449765, 28.71966776727107, 28.96725111009237, 29.214834452913674, 29.462417795734975, 29.71000113855628, 29.95758448137758, 30.20516782419888, 30.452751167020185, 30.700334509841486, 30.94791785266279, 31.19550119548409, 31.443084538305396, 31.690667881126696, 31.938251223947997, 32.1858345667693, 32.4334179095906, 32.6810012524119, 32.92858459523321, 33.17616793805451, 33.42375128087581, 33.67133462369711, 33.918917966518414, 34.16650130933972, 34.41408465216102, 34.661667994982324, 34.909251337803624, 35.15683468062493, 35.40441802344623, 35.652001366267534, 35.899584709088835, 36.147168051910135, 36.39475139473144, 36.642334737552744, 36.889918080374045, 37.137501423195346, 37.38508476601665, 37.632668108837954, 37.880251451659255, 38.127834794480556, 38.37541813730186, 38.623001480123165]], "data01": [[0.0, 9.4], [0.22388685741537212, 19.0], [0.44777371483074424, 10.6], [0.6716605722461164, 9.9], [0.8955474296614885, 14.3], [1.1194342870768605, 12.9], [1.3433211444922328, 10.0], [1.567208001907605, 8.4], [1.791094859322977, 8.6], [2.0149817167383492, 9.4], [2.238868574153721, 7.6], [2.4627554315690934, 6.0], [2.6866422889844657, 5.7], [2.9105291463998375, 5.8], [3.13441600381521, 5.0], [3.3583028612305816, 2.4], [3.582189718645954, 1.7], [3.806076576061326, 1.0], [4.0299634334766985, 1.0], [4.25385029089207, 0.0], [4.477737148307442, 0.0], [4.701624005722815, 0.0], [4.925510863138187, 1.0], [5.149397720553559, 0.0], [5.373284577968931, 0.0], [5.597171435384303, 0.0], [5.821058292799675, 0.0], [6.044945150215047, 0.0], [6.26883200763042, 0.0], [6.492718865045791, 0.0], [6.716605722461163, 0.0], [6.940492579876536, 0.0], [7.164379437291908, 0.0], [7.38826629470728, 0.0], [7.612153152122652, 0.0], [7.836040009538024, 0.0], [8.059926866953397, 0.0], [8.283813724368768, 0.0], [8.50770058178414, 0.0], [8.731587439199513, 0.0], [8.955474296614884, 0.0], [9.179361154030257, 0.0], [9.40324801144563, 0.0], [9.627134868861, 0.0], [9.851021726276374, 0.0], [10.074908583691746, 1.0], [10.298795441107117, 0.0], [10.52268229852249, 0.0], [10.746569155937863, 0.0], [10.970456013353234, 0.0], [11.194342870768606, 0.0], [11.418229728183977, 0.0], [11.64211658559935, 0.0], [11.866003443014723, 0.0], [12.089890300430094, 0.0], [12.313777157845466, 0.0], [12.53766401526084, 0.0], [12.76155087267621, 0.0], [12.985437730091583, 0.0], [13.209324587506956, 0.0], [13.433211444922327, 0.0], [13.6570983023377, 0.0], [13.880985159753072, 0.0], [14.104872017168443, 0.0], [14.328758874583816, 0.0], [14.552645731999188, 0.0], [14.77653258941456, 0.0], [15.000419446829932, 0.0], [15.224306304245305, 0.0], [15.448193161660676, 0.0], [15.672080019076049, 0.0], [15.895966876491421, 0.0], [16.119853733906794, 0.0], [16.343740591322163, 0.0], [16.567627448737536, 0.0], [16.79151430615291, 0.0], [17.01540116356828, 0.0], [17.239288020983654, 0.0], [17.463174878399027, 0.0], [17.687061735814396, 0.0], [17.91094859322977, 0.0], [18.13483545064514, 0.0], [18.358722308060514, 0.0], [18.582609165475887, 0.0], [18.80649602289126, 0.0], [19.03038288030663, 0.0], [19.254269737722, 0.0], [19.478156595137374, 0.0], [19.702043452552747, 0.0], [19.92593030996812, 0.0], [20.149817167383492, 0.0], [20.37370402479886, 0.0], [20.597590882214234, 0.0], [20.821477739629607, 0.0], [21.04536459704498, 0.0], [21.269251454460353, 0.0], [21.493138311875725, 0.0], [21.717025169291094, 0.0], [21.940912026706467, 0.0], [22.16479888412184, 0.0], [22.388685741537213, 0.0], [22.612572598952585, 0.0], [22.836459456367955, 0.0], [23.060346313783327, 0.0], [23.2842331711987, 0.0], [23.508120028614073, 0.0], [23.732006886029446, 0.0], [23.95589374344482, 0.0], [24.179780600860187, 0.0], [24.40366745827556, 0.0], [24.627554315690933, 0.0], [24.851441173106306, 0.0], [25.07532803052168, 0.0], [25.29921488793705, 0.0], [25.52310174535242, 0.0], [25.746988602767793, 0.0], [25.970875460183166, 0.0], [26.19476231759854, 0.0], [26.41864917501391, 0.0], [26.642536032429284, 0.0], [26.866422889844653, 0.0], [27.090309747260026, 0.0], [27.3141966046754, 0.0], [27.53808346209077, 0.0], [27.761970319506144, 0.0], [27.985857176921517, 0.0], [28.209744034336886, 0.0], [28.43363089175226, 0.0], [28.65751774916763, 0.0], [28.881404606583004, 0.0], [29.105291463998377, 0.0], [29.329178321413746, 0.0], [29.55306517882912, 0.0], [29.77695203624449, 0.0], [30.000838893659864, 0.0], [30.224725751075237, 0.0], [30.44861260849061, 0.0], [30.67249946590598, 0.0], [30.89638632332135, 0.0], [31.120273180736724, 0.0], [31.344160038152097, 0.0], [31.56804689556747, 0.0], [31.791933752982843, 0.0], [32.015820610398215, 0.0], [32.23970746781359, 0.0], [32.46359432522896, 0.0], [32.687481182644326, 0.0], [32.9113680400597, 0.0], [33.13525489747507, 0.0], [33.359141754890445, 0.0], [33.58302861230582, 0.0]]}, "id": "el508184423875216"});
          });
        });
    }else{
        // require.js not available: dynamically load d3 & mpld3
        mpld3_load_lib("https://mpld3.github.io/js/d3.v3.min.js", function(){
             mpld3_load_lib("https://mpld3.github.io/js/mpld3.v0.2.js", function(){
                     
                     mpld3.draw_figure("fig_el5081844238752164492918530", {"axes": [{"xlim": [0.0, 35.0], "yscale": "linear", "axesbg": "none", "texts": [{"v_baseline": "hanging", "h_anchor": "middle", "color": "#000000", "text": "Eigenvalues", "coordinates": "axes", "zorder": 3, "alpha": 1, "fontsize": 18.0, "position": [0.5, -0.20403225806451619], "rotation": -0.0, "id": "el508184431826384"}, {"v_baseline": "auto", "h_anchor": "middle", "color": "#000000", "text": "Numbers", "coordinates": "axes", "zorder": 3, "alpha": 1, "fontsize": 18.0, "position": [-0.042618727598566303, 0.5], "rotation": -90.0, "id": "el508184431917264"}], "zoomable": true, "images": [], "xdomain": [0.0, 35.0], "ylim": [0.0, 25.0], "paths": [{"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data02", "id": "el508184431567056"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data03", "id": "el508184431568656"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data04", "id": "el508184431574480"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data05", "id": "el508184431576144"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data05", "id": "el508184431442704"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data05", "id": "el508184431444368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data06", "id": "el508184431445648"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data07", "id": "el508184431386320"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data07", "id": "el508184431387984"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data08", "id": "el508184431590416"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data09", "id": "el508184431592080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data09", "id": "el508184431593360"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data09", "id": "el508184653492176"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data10", "id": "el508184653493840"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184653438224"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data12", "id": "el508184653439888"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184653417040"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184653418704"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184653420368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 5, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184653667856"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653669520"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 6, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184427969360"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427971024"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 7, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184427972304"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428006224"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 8, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184428007440"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427986000"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 5, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427987664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 6, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427988944"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 9, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184427859984"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 7, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427861648"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 8, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431913808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 10, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184431931088"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 9, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424239120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 10, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424238032"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 11, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431873680"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 12, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431826192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 13, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184338453904"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 14, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184338476112"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 15, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184338477776"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 16, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184338479056"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 11, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184338432016"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 17, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184338433680"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 18, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654132368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 19, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654133008"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 20, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653982352"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 21, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653984016"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 22, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653985680"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 23, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653987408"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 24, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653989072"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 25, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425909136"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 26, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425910800"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 27, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425912080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 28, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425729872"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 29, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425731536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 30, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425835664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 31, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425837328"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 32, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425740752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 33, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425742416"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 34, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425744080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 35, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433131344"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 36, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433131728"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 37, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433126096"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 38, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433127760"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 39, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433129424"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 40, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433028752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 41, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433030416"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 42, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433249232"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 43, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433250896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 44, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433252176"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 45, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653299600"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 46, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653301264"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 47, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653188304"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 48, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653189968"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 49, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653335056"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 50, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653336720"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 51, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653338384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 52, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653360592"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 53, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653362256"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 54, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735005456"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 55, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735007120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 56, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735008400"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 57, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735125200"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 58, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735126864"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 59, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184734952464"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 60, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184734954128"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 61, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184734955408"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 62, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735018960"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 63, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184735020624"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 64, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446610704"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 65, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446612368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 66, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446675536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 67, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446677200"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 68, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446678864"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 69, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446537232"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 70, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184446538896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 71, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425204560"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 72, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425206224"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 73, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425207504"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 74, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425103120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 75, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425104784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 76, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425200720"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 77, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425202384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 78, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425203664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 79, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425086992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 80, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425088656"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 81, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663273616"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 82, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663273808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 83, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663505552"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 84, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663507216"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 85, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663508880"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 86, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663305808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 87, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663307472"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 88, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663444368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 89, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663446032"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 90, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663447312"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 91, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431079248"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 92, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431080912"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 93, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430926992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 94, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430928656"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 95, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430881232"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 96, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430882896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 97, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430884560"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 98, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428723984"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 99, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428724560"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 100, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428772048"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 101, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428773712"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 102, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428775376"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 103, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428625552"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 104, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428627216"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 105, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428764112"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 106, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428765776"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 107, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184428767056"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 108, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577136528"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 109, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577136336"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 110, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577080528"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 111, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577082192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 112, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577210896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 113, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577212560"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 114, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577214224"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 115, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577179088"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 116, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184577180752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 117, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433548048"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 118, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433549712"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 119, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433550992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 120, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433639120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 121, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433640784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 122, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433728528"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 123, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433730192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 124, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433731472"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 12, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184433569744"}], "sharey": [], "sharex": [], "axesbgalpha": null, "axes": [{"scale": "linear", "tickformat": null, "grid": {"gridOn": false}, "fontsize": 11.0, "position": "bottom", "nticks": 8, "tickvalues": null}, {"scale": "linear", "tickformat": null, "grid": {"gridOn": false}, "fontsize": 11.0, "position": "left", "nticks": 6, "tickvalues": null}], "lines": [{"color": "#FF0000", "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 2, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "linewidth": 3, "data": "data01", "id": "el508184431566608"}], "markers": [], "id": "el508184427680016", "ydomain": [0.0, 25.0], "collections": [], "xscale": "linear", "bbox": [0.125, 0.54772727272727284, 0.77500000000000002, 0.35227272727272718]}, {"xlim": [0.0, 40.0], "yscale": "linear", "axesbg": "none", "texts": [{"v_baseline": "hanging", "h_anchor": "middle", "color": "#000000", "text": "Eigenvalues", "coordinates": "axes", "zorder": 3, "alpha": 1, "fontsize": 18.0, "position": [0.5, -0.20403225806451611], "rotation": -0.0, "id": "el508184574356240"}, {"v_baseline": "auto", "h_anchor": "middle", "color": "#000000", "text": "Numbers", "coordinates": "axes", "zorder": 3, "alpha": 1, "fontsize": 18.0, "position": [-0.042618727598566303, 0.49999999999999994], "rotation": -90.0, "id": "el508184574323088"}], "zoomable": true, "images": [], "xdomain": [0.0, 40.0], "ylim": [0.0, 30.0], "paths": [{"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data15", "id": "el508184657571344"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data16", "id": "el508184657572944"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data17", "id": "el508184659069712"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data18", "id": "el508184659069648"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data05", "id": "el508184659072464"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data06", "id": "el508184658927312"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data19", "id": "el508184658928976"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data08", "id": "el508184658967568"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data07", "id": "el508184658969232"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data08", "id": "el508184658970512"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data12", "id": "el508184658984912"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data12", "id": "el508184658986576"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data12", "id": "el508184663850256"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data10", "id": "el508184663851920"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data10", "id": "el508184663906896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data10", "id": "el508184663908560"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 13, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184663910224"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 125, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663985680"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 14, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184663987344"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 15, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184663829328"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 126, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663830992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 127, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663832272"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 16, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184738762512"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 17, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184738764176"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 128, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184738733136"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 129, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184738734800"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 18, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184738736080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 130, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184738607120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 131, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184738608784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 132, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184738794832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 133, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184738796496"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 19, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184656992912"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 134, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184656994576"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 135, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184656996240"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 136, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184657067600"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 137, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184657069264"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 138, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431142160"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 139, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431139088"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 140, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184574324624"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 141, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184574512208"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 142, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184657174800"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 143, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184657176464"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 144, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184665128208"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 145, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431920016"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 146, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427590736"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 147, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427588048"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 148, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433292752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 149, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424280784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 150, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427579984"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 151, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427581840"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 152, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427680720"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 20, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184431546640"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 153, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431547792"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 154, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353066384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 155, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353068304"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 156, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353067024"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 157, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427759504"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 158, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427756816"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 159, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353102992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 160, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353103056"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 161, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424184336"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 162, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424187664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 163, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424184784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 164, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184426074384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 165, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184426073872"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 166, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430460560"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 167, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430460880"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 168, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427561424"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 169, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427562320"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 170, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427561488"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 171, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184426272528"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 172, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184426269392"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 173, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184429939536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 174, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184429942736"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 175, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184432870608"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 176, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184432871376"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 177, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433414352"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 178, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433415888"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 179, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433416144"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 180, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425712784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 181, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425712464"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 182, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427750096"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 183, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427748880"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 184, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184445235472"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 185, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184445235408"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 186, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184445235536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 187, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427546192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 188, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184427543952"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 189, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433660304"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 190, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433661264"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 191, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425766544"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 192, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425766864"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 193, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433276880"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 194, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433276176"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 195, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424328464"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 196, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424328080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 197, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424327632"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 198, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184563859728"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 199, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184563859984"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 200, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353062672"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 201, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353061584"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 202, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184572552592"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 203, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184572551888"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 204, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184565520080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 205, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184565516880"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 206, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654353040"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 207, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654350864"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 208, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654351056"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 209, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184426166736"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 210, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184426167184"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 211, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654182288"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 212, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654178832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 213, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184654178896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 214, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184423957776"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 215, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184423958288"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 216, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653793488"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 217, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653796688"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 218, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663661648"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 219, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663664528"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 220, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653508304"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 221, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653508112"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 222, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184653510032"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 223, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184423923472"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 224, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184301476432"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 225, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184429991120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 226, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184429990992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 227, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184430406736"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 228, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425991568"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 229, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425991504"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 230, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425990416"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 231, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663778960"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 232, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663776656"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 233, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353187088"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 234, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353185680"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 235, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184656970704"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 236, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184656968272"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 237, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184423874960"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 238, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184423873808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 239, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184423874832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 240, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431394512"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 241, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431393488"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 242, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353234384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 243, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184353233936"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 244, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184429966864"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 245, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184429964368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 246, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184364985360"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 247, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433780368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 248, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184433776784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 249, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425290768"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 250, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184425293264"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 251, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431356496"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 252, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431359248"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 253, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184431356432"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 254, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424043408"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 255, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184424041680"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 256, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184565693712"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 257, "data": "data13", "id": "el508184663604688"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 21, "data": "data11", "id": "el508184353364368"}], "sharey": [], "sharex": [], "axesbgalpha": null, "axes": [{"scale": "linear", "tickformat": null, "grid": {"gridOn": false}, "fontsize": 11.0, "position": "bottom", "nticks": 9, "tickvalues": null}, {"scale": "linear", "tickformat": null, "grid": {"gridOn": false}, "fontsize": 11.0, "position": "left", "nticks": 7, "tickvalues": null}], "lines": [{"color": "#FF0000", "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 2, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "linewidth": 3, "data": "data14", "id": "el508184657570896"}], "markers": [], "id": "el508184431566992", "ydomain": [0.0, 30.0], "collections": [], "xscale": "linear", "bbox": [0.125, 0.12500000000000011, 0.77500000000000002, 0.35227272727272724]}], "height": 320.0, "width": 720.0, "plugins": [{"type": "reset"}, {"enabled": false, "button": true, "type": "zoom"}, {"enabled": false, "button": true, "type": "boxzoom"}], "data": {"data12": [[3.3583028612305816, 0.0, 2.475833428213023, 2.7234167710343256, 2.9710001138556277], [3.582189718645954, 0.0, 2.7234167710343256, 2.9710001138556277, 3.2185834566769302], [3.582189718645954, 3.0, 2.7234167710343256, 2.9710001138556277, 3.2185834566769302], [3.3583028612305816, 3.0, 2.475833428213023, 2.7234167710343256, 2.9710001138556277]], "data16": [[0.24758334282130232, 0.0], [0.49516668564260463, 0.0], [0.49516668564260463, 29.0], [0.24758334282130232, 29.0]], "data11": [[3.13441600381521, 0.0, 3.582189718645954, 3.806076576061326, 4.0299634334766985, 4.25385029089207, 4.701624005722815, 5.149397720553559, 5.597171435384303, 6.492718865045791, 7.164379437291908, 9.179361154030257, 33.58302861230582, 3.961333485140837, 4.456500170783442, 4.704083513604744, 5.446833542068651, 5.694416884889954, 6.4371669133538605, 7.6750836274603715, 12.626750483886418, 38.870584822944465], [3.3583028612305816, 0.0, 3.806076576061326, 4.0299634334766985, 4.25385029089207, 4.477737148307442, 4.925510863138187, 5.373284577968931, 5.821058292799675, 6.716605722461163, 7.38826629470728, 9.40324801144563, 33.80691546972119, 4.208916827962139, 4.704083513604744, 4.951666856426046, 5.694416884889954, 5.942000227711255, 6.684750256175162, 7.922666970281674, 12.874333826707721, 39.118168165765766], [3.3583028612305816, 1.0, 3.806076576061326, 4.0299634334766985, 4.25385029089207, 4.477737148307442, 4.925510863138187, 5.373284577968931, 5.821058292799675, 6.716605722461163, 7.38826629470728, 9.40324801144563, 33.80691546972119, 4.208916827962139, 4.704083513604744, 4.951666856426046, 5.694416884889954, 5.942000227711255, 6.684750256175162, 7.922666970281674, 12.874333826707721, 39.118168165765766], [3.13441600381521, 1.0, 3.582189718645954, 3.806076576061326, 4.0299634334766985, 4.25385029089207, 4.701624005722815, 5.149397720553559, 5.597171435384303, 6.492718865045791, 7.164379437291908, 9.179361154030257, 33.58302861230582, 3.961333485140837, 4.456500170783442, 4.704083513604744, 5.446833542068651, 5.694416884889954, 6.4371669133538605, 7.6750836274603715, 12.626750483886418, 38.870584822944465]], "data17": [[0.49516668564260463, 0.0], [0.7427500284639069, 0.0], [0.7427500284639069, 18.0], [0.49516668564260463, 18.0]], "data14": [[0.0, 14.9], [0.24758334282130232, 21.5], [0.49516668564260463, 16.0], [0.7427500284639069, 14.6], [0.9903333712852093, 13.3], [1.2379167141065115, 10.8], [1.4855000569278138, 11.0], [1.7330833997491162, 8.4], [1.9806667425704185, 8.8], [2.228250085391721, 6.9], [2.475833428213023, 6.9], [2.7234167710343256, 5.5], [2.9710001138556277, 5.2], [3.2185834566769302, 5.1], [3.4661667994982324, 2.8], [3.713750142319535, 1.6], [3.961333485140837, 1.4], [4.208916827962139, 1.4], [4.456500170783442, 0.5], [4.704083513604744, 0.0], [4.951666856426046, 0.0], [5.1992501992473485, 0.0], [5.446833542068651, 0.0], [5.694416884889954, 0.0], [5.942000227711255, 0.0], [6.189583570532558, 0.0], [6.4371669133538605, 0.0], [6.684750256175162, 0.0], [6.932333598996465, 0.0], [7.179916941817767, 0.0], [7.42750028463907, 0.0], [7.6750836274603715, 0.0], [7.922666970281674, 0.0], [8.170250313102976, 0.0], [8.417833655924278, 0.0], [8.665416998745581, 0.0], [8.913000341566883, 0.0], [9.160583684388186, 0.0], [9.408167027209489, 0.0], [9.655750370030791, 0.0], [9.903333712852092, 0.0], [10.150917055673395, 0.0], [10.398500398494697, 0.0], [10.646083741316, 0.0], [10.893667084137302, 0.0], [11.141250426958605, 0.0], [11.388833769779907, 0.0], [11.636417112601208, 0.0], [11.88400045542251, 0.0], [12.131583798243813, 0.0], [12.379167141065116, 0.0], [12.626750483886418, 0.0], [12.874333826707721, 0.0], [13.121917169529024, 0.0], [13.369500512350324, 0.0], [13.617083855171627, 0.0], [13.86466719799293, 0.0], [14.112250540814232, 0.6], [14.359833883635535, 0.4], [14.607417226456837, 0.0], [14.85500056927814, 0.0], [15.10258391209944, 0.0], [15.350167254920743, 0.0], [15.597750597742046, 0.0], [15.845333940563348, 0.0], [16.09291728338465, 0.0], [16.34050062620595, 0.0], [16.588083969027256, 0.0], [16.835667311848557, 0.0], [17.08325065466986, 0.0], [17.330833997491162, 0.0], [17.578417340312466, 0.0], [17.826000683133767, 0.0], [18.073584025955068, 0.0], [18.321167368776372, 0.0], [18.568750711597673, 0.0], [18.816334054418977, 0.0], [19.063917397240278, 0.0], [19.311500740061582, 0.0], [19.559084082882883, 0.0], [19.806667425704184, 0.0], [20.05425076852549, 0.0], [20.30183411134679, 0.0], [20.549417454168093, 0.0], [20.797000796989394, 0.0], [21.0445841398107, 0.0], [21.292167482632, 0.0], [21.5397508254533, 0.0], [21.787334168274604, 0.0], [22.034917511095905, 0.0], [22.28250085391721, 0.0], [22.53008419673851, 0.0], [22.777667539559815, 0.0], [23.025250882381116, 0.0], [23.272834225202416, 0.0], [23.52041756802372, 0.0], [23.76800091084502, 0.0], [24.015584253666326, 0.0], [24.263167596487627, 0.0], [24.51075093930893, 0.0], [24.75833428213023, 0.0], [25.005917624951532, 0.0], [25.253500967772837, 0.0], [25.501084310594138, 0.0], [25.748667653415442, 0.0], [25.996250996236743, 0.0], [26.243834339058047, 0.0], [26.491417681879348, 0.0], [26.73900102470065, 0.0], [26.986584367521953, 0.0], [27.234167710343254, 0.0], [27.481751053164558, 0.0], [27.72933439598586, 0.0], [27.976917738807163, 0.0], [28.224501081628464, 0.0], [28.472084424449765, 0.0], [28.71966776727107, 0.0], [28.96725111009237, 0.0], [29.214834452913674, 0.0], [29.462417795734975, 0.0], [29.71000113855628, 0.0], [29.95758448137758, 0.0], [30.20516782419888, 0.0], [30.452751167020185, 0.0], [30.700334509841486, 0.0], [30.94791785266279, 0.0], [31.19550119548409, 0.0], [31.443084538305396, 0.0], [31.690667881126696, 0.0], [31.938251223947997, 0.0], [32.1858345667693, 0.0], [32.4334179095906, 0.0], [32.6810012524119, 0.0], [32.92858459523321, 0.0], [33.17616793805451, 0.0], [33.42375128087581, 0.0], [33.67133462369711, 0.0], [33.918917966518414, 0.0], [34.16650130933972, 0.0], [34.41408465216102, 0.0], [34.661667994982324, 0.0], [34.909251337803624, 0.0], [35.15683468062493, 0.0], [35.40441802344623, 0.0], [35.652001366267534, 0.0], [35.899584709088835, 0.0], [36.147168051910135, 0.0], [36.39475139473144, 0.0], [36.642334737552744, 0.0], [36.889918080374045, 0.0], [37.137501423195346, 0.0], [37.38508476601665, 0.0], [37.632668108837954, 0.0], [37.880251451659255, 0.0], [38.127834794480556, 0.0], [38.37541813730186, 0.0], [38.623001480123165, 0.0], [38.870584822944465, 0.0]], "data10": [[2.9105291463998375, 0.0, 3.2185834566769302, 3.4661667994982324, 3.713750142319535], [3.13441600381521, 0.0, 3.4661667994982324, 3.713750142319535, 3.961333485140837], [3.13441600381521, 2.0, 3.4661667994982324, 3.713750142319535, 3.961333485140837], [2.9105291463998375, 2.0, 3.2185834566769302, 3.4661667994982324, 3.713750142319535]], "data15": [[0.0, 0.0], [0.24758334282130232, 0.0], [0.24758334282130232, 28.0], [0.0, 28.0]], "data19": [[1.4855000569278138, 0.0], [1.7330833997491162, 0.0], [1.7330833997491162, 7.0], [1.4855000569278138, 7.0]], "data18": [[0.7427500284639069, 0.0], [0.9903333712852093, 0.0], [0.9903333712852093, 14.0], [0.7427500284639069, 14.0]], "data08": [[2.0149817167383492, 0.0, 1.7330833997491162, 2.228250085391721], [2.238868574153721, 0.0, 1.9806667425704185, 2.475833428213023], [2.238868574153721, 5.0, 1.9806667425704185, 2.475833428213023], [2.0149817167383492, 5.0, 1.7330833997491162, 2.228250085391721]], "data09": [[2.238868574153721, 0.0, 2.4627554315690934, 2.6866422889844657], [2.4627554315690934, 0.0, 2.6866422889844657, 2.9105291463998375], [2.4627554315690934, 4.0, 2.6866422889844657, 2.9105291463998375], [2.238868574153721, 4.0, 2.4627554315690934, 2.6866422889844657]], "data06": [[1.3433211444922328, 0.0, 1.2379167141065115], [1.567208001907605, 0.0, 1.4855000569278138], [1.567208001907605, 9.0, 1.4855000569278138], [1.3433211444922328, 9.0, 1.2379167141065115]], "data07": [[1.567208001907605, 0.0, 1.791094859322977, 1.9806667425704185], [1.791094859322977, 0.0, 2.0149817167383492, 2.228250085391721], [1.791094859322977, 6.0, 2.0149817167383492, 2.228250085391721], [1.567208001907605, 6.0, 1.791094859322977, 1.9806667425704185]], "data04": [[0.44777371483074424, 0.0], [0.6716605722461164, 0.0], [0.6716605722461164, 19.0], [0.44777371483074424, 19.0]], "data05": [[0.6716605722461164, 0.0, 0.8955474296614885, 1.1194342870768605, 0.9903333712852093], [0.8955474296614885, 0.0, 1.1194342870768605, 1.3433211444922328, 1.2379167141065115], [0.8955474296614885, 12.0, 1.1194342870768605, 1.3433211444922328, 1.2379167141065115], [0.6716605722461164, 12.0, 0.8955474296614885, 1.1194342870768605, 0.9903333712852093]], "data02": [[0.0, 0.0], [0.22388685741537212, 0.0], [0.22388685741537212, 16.0], [0.0, 16.0]], "data03": [[0.22388685741537212, 0.0], [0.44777371483074424, 0.0], [0.44777371483074424, 25.0], [0.22388685741537212, 25.0]], "data13": [[4.477737148307442, 0.0, 4.925510863138187, 5.373284577968931, 5.821058292799675, 6.044945150215047, 6.26883200763042, 6.716605722461163, 6.940492579876536, 7.38826629470728, 7.612153152122652, 7.836040009538024, 8.059926866953397, 8.283813724368768, 8.50770058178414, 8.731587439199513, 8.955474296614884, 9.40324801144563, 9.627134868861, 9.851021726276374, 10.074908583691746, 10.298795441107117, 10.52268229852249, 10.746569155937863, 10.970456013353234, 11.194342870768606, 11.418229728183977, 11.64211658559935, 11.866003443014723, 12.089890300430094, 12.313777157845466, 12.53766401526084, 12.76155087267621, 12.985437730091583, 13.209324587506956, 13.433211444922327, 13.6570983023377, 13.880985159753072, 14.104872017168443, 14.328758874583816, 14.552645731999188, 14.77653258941456, 15.000419446829932, 15.224306304245305, 15.448193161660676, 15.672080019076049, 15.895966876491421, 16.119853733906794, 16.343740591322163, 16.567627448737536, 16.79151430615291, 17.01540116356828, 17.239288020983654, 17.463174878399027, 17.687061735814396, 17.91094859322977, 18.13483545064514, 18.358722308060514, 18.582609165475887, 18.80649602289126, 19.03038288030663, 19.254269737722, 19.478156595137374, 19.702043452552747, 19.92593030996812, 20.149817167383492, 20.37370402479886, 20.597590882214234, 20.821477739629607, 21.04536459704498, 21.269251454460353, 21.493138311875725, 21.717025169291094, 21.940912026706467, 22.16479888412184, 22.388685741537213, 22.612572598952585, 22.836459456367955, 23.060346313783327, 23.2842331711987, 23.508120028614073, 23.732006886029446, 23.95589374344482, 24.179780600860187, 24.40366745827556, 24.627554315690933, 24.851441173106306, 25.07532803052168, 25.29921488793705, 25.52310174535242, 25.746988602767793, 25.970875460183166, 26.19476231759854, 26.41864917501391, 26.642536032429284, 26.866422889844653, 27.090309747260026, 27.3141966046754, 27.53808346209077, 27.761970319506144, 27.985857176921517, 28.209744034336886, 28.43363089175226, 28.65751774916763, 28.881404606583004, 29.105291463998377, 29.329178321413746, 29.55306517882912, 29.77695203624449, 30.000838893659864, 30.224725751075237, 30.44861260849061, 30.67249946590598, 30.89638632332135, 31.120273180736724, 31.344160038152097, 31.56804689556747, 31.791933752982843, 32.015820610398215, 32.23970746781359, 32.46359432522896, 32.687481182644326, 32.9113680400597, 33.13525489747507, 33.359141754890445, 4.208916827962139, 4.951666856426046, 5.1992501992473485, 5.942000227711255, 6.189583570532558, 6.684750256175162, 6.932333598996465, 7.179916941817767, 7.42750028463907, 7.922666970281674, 8.170250313102976, 8.417833655924278, 8.665416998745581, 8.913000341566883, 9.160583684388186, 9.408167027209489, 9.655750370030791, 9.903333712852092, 10.150917055673395, 10.398500398494697, 10.646083741316, 10.893667084137302, 11.141250426958605, 11.388833769779907, 11.636417112601208, 11.88400045542251, 12.131583798243813, 12.379167141065116, 12.874333826707721, 13.121917169529024, 13.369500512350324, 13.617083855171627, 13.86466719799293, 14.112250540814232, 14.359833883635535, 14.607417226456837, 14.85500056927814, 15.10258391209944, 15.350167254920743, 15.597750597742046, 15.845333940563348, 16.09291728338465, 16.34050062620595, 16.588083969027256, 16.835667311848557, 17.08325065466986, 17.330833997491162, 17.578417340312466, 17.826000683133767, 18.073584025955068, 18.321167368776372, 18.568750711597673, 18.816334054418977, 19.063917397240278, 19.311500740061582, 19.559084082882883, 19.806667425704184, 20.05425076852549, 20.30183411134679, 20.549417454168093, 20.797000796989394, 21.0445841398107, 21.292167482632, 21.5397508254533, 21.787334168274604, 22.034917511095905, 22.28250085391721, 22.53008419673851, 22.777667539559815, 23.025250882381116, 23.272834225202416, 23.52041756802372, 23.76800091084502, 24.015584253666326, 24.263167596487627, 24.51075093930893, 24.75833428213023, 25.005917624951532, 25.253500967772837, 25.501084310594138, 25.748667653415442, 25.996250996236743, 26.243834339058047, 26.491417681879348, 26.73900102470065, 26.986584367521953, 27.234167710343254, 27.481751053164558, 27.72933439598586, 27.976917738807163, 28.224501081628464, 28.472084424449765, 28.71966776727107, 28.96725111009237, 29.214834452913674, 29.462417795734975, 29.71000113855628, 29.95758448137758, 30.20516782419888, 30.452751167020185, 30.700334509841486, 30.94791785266279, 31.19550119548409, 31.443084538305396, 31.690667881126696, 31.938251223947997, 32.1858345667693, 32.4334179095906, 32.6810012524119, 32.92858459523321, 33.17616793805451, 33.42375128087581, 33.67133462369711, 33.918917966518414, 34.16650130933972, 34.41408465216102, 34.661667994982324, 34.909251337803624, 35.15683468062493, 35.40441802344623, 35.652001366267534, 35.899584709088835, 36.147168051910135, 36.39475139473144, 36.642334737552744, 36.889918080374045, 37.137501423195346, 37.38508476601665, 37.632668108837954, 37.880251451659255, 38.127834794480556, 38.37541813730186, 38.623001480123165], [4.701624005722815, 0.0, 5.149397720553559, 5.597171435384303, 6.044945150215047, 6.26883200763042, 6.492718865045791, 6.940492579876536, 7.164379437291908, 7.612153152122652, 7.836040009538024, 8.059926866953397, 8.283813724368768, 8.50770058178414, 8.731587439199513, 8.955474296614884, 9.179361154030257, 9.627134868861, 9.851021726276374, 10.074908583691746, 10.298795441107117, 10.52268229852249, 10.746569155937863, 10.970456013353234, 11.194342870768606, 11.418229728183977, 11.64211658559935, 11.866003443014723, 12.089890300430094, 12.313777157845466, 12.53766401526084, 12.76155087267621, 12.985437730091583, 13.209324587506956, 13.433211444922327, 13.6570983023377, 13.880985159753072, 14.104872017168443, 14.328758874583816, 14.552645731999188, 14.77653258941456, 15.000419446829932, 15.224306304245305, 15.448193161660676, 15.672080019076049, 15.895966876491421, 16.119853733906794, 16.343740591322163, 16.567627448737536, 16.79151430615291, 17.01540116356828, 17.239288020983654, 17.463174878399027, 17.687061735814396, 17.91094859322977, 18.13483545064514, 18.358722308060514, 18.582609165475887, 18.80649602289126, 19.03038288030663, 19.254269737722, 19.478156595137374, 19.702043452552747, 19.92593030996812, 20.149817167383492, 20.37370402479886, 20.597590882214234, 20.821477739629607, 21.04536459704498, 21.269251454460353, 21.493138311875725, 21.717025169291094, 21.940912026706467, 22.16479888412184, 22.388685741537213, 22.612572598952585, 22.836459456367955, 23.060346313783327, 23.2842331711987, 23.508120028614073, 23.732006886029446, 23.95589374344482, 24.179780600860187, 24.40366745827556, 24.627554315690933, 24.851441173106306, 25.07532803052168, 25.29921488793705, 25.52310174535242, 25.746988602767793, 25.970875460183166, 26.19476231759854, 26.41864917501391, 26.642536032429284, 26.866422889844653, 27.090309747260026, 27.3141966046754, 27.53808346209077, 27.761970319506144, 27.985857176921517, 28.209744034336886, 28.43363089175226, 28.65751774916763, 28.881404606583004, 29.105291463998377, 29.329178321413746, 29.55306517882912, 29.77695203624449, 30.000838893659864, 30.224725751075237, 30.44861260849061, 30.67249946590598, 30.89638632332135, 31.120273180736724, 31.344160038152097, 31.56804689556747, 31.791933752982843, 32.015820610398215, 32.23970746781359, 32.46359432522896, 32.687481182644326, 32.9113680400597, 33.13525489747507, 33.359141754890445, 33.58302861230582, 4.456500170783442, 5.1992501992473485, 5.446833542068651, 6.189583570532558, 6.4371669133538605, 6.932333598996465, 7.179916941817767, 7.42750028463907, 7.6750836274603715, 8.170250313102976, 8.417833655924278, 8.665416998745581, 8.913000341566883, 9.160583684388186, 9.408167027209489, 9.655750370030791, 9.903333712852092, 10.150917055673395, 10.398500398494697, 10.646083741316, 10.893667084137302, 11.141250426958605, 11.388833769779907, 11.636417112601208, 11.88400045542251, 12.131583798243813, 12.379167141065116, 12.626750483886418, 13.121917169529024, 13.369500512350324, 13.617083855171627, 13.86466719799293, 14.112250540814232, 14.359833883635535, 14.607417226456837, 14.85500056927814, 15.10258391209944, 15.350167254920743, 15.597750597742046, 15.845333940563348, 16.09291728338465, 16.34050062620595, 16.588083969027256, 16.835667311848557, 17.08325065466986, 17.330833997491162, 17.578417340312466, 17.826000683133767, 18.073584025955068, 18.321167368776372, 18.568750711597673, 18.816334054418977, 19.063917397240278, 19.311500740061582, 19.559084082882883, 19.806667425704184, 20.05425076852549, 20.30183411134679, 20.549417454168093, 20.797000796989394, 21.0445841398107, 21.292167482632, 21.5397508254533, 21.787334168274604, 22.034917511095905, 22.28250085391721, 22.53008419673851, 22.777667539559815, 23.025250882381116, 23.272834225202416, 23.52041756802372, 23.76800091084502, 24.015584253666326, 24.263167596487627, 24.51075093930893, 24.75833428213023, 25.005917624951532, 25.253500967772837, 25.501084310594138, 25.748667653415442, 25.996250996236743, 26.243834339058047, 26.491417681879348, 26.73900102470065, 26.986584367521953, 27.234167710343254, 27.481751053164558, 27.72933439598586, 27.976917738807163, 28.224501081628464, 28.472084424449765, 28.71966776727107, 28.96725111009237, 29.214834452913674, 29.462417795734975, 29.71000113855628, 29.95758448137758, 30.20516782419888, 30.452751167020185, 30.700334509841486, 30.94791785266279, 31.19550119548409, 31.443084538305396, 31.690667881126696, 31.938251223947997, 32.1858345667693, 32.4334179095906, 32.6810012524119, 32.92858459523321, 33.17616793805451, 33.42375128087581, 33.67133462369711, 33.918917966518414, 34.16650130933972, 34.41408465216102, 34.661667994982324, 34.909251337803624, 35.15683468062493, 35.40441802344623, 35.652001366267534, 35.899584709088835, 36.147168051910135, 36.39475139473144, 36.642334737552744, 36.889918080374045, 37.137501423195346, 37.38508476601665, 37.632668108837954, 37.880251451659255, 38.127834794480556, 38.37541813730186, 38.623001480123165, 38.870584822944465], [4.701624005722815, 0.0, 5.149397720553559, 5.597171435384303, 6.044945150215047, 6.26883200763042, 6.492718865045791, 6.940492579876536, 7.164379437291908, 7.612153152122652, 7.836040009538024, 8.059926866953397, 8.283813724368768, 8.50770058178414, 8.731587439199513, 8.955474296614884, 9.179361154030257, 9.627134868861, 9.851021726276374, 10.074908583691746, 10.298795441107117, 10.52268229852249, 10.746569155937863, 10.970456013353234, 11.194342870768606, 11.418229728183977, 11.64211658559935, 11.866003443014723, 12.089890300430094, 12.313777157845466, 12.53766401526084, 12.76155087267621, 12.985437730091583, 13.209324587506956, 13.433211444922327, 13.6570983023377, 13.880985159753072, 14.104872017168443, 14.328758874583816, 14.552645731999188, 14.77653258941456, 15.000419446829932, 15.224306304245305, 15.448193161660676, 15.672080019076049, 15.895966876491421, 16.119853733906794, 16.343740591322163, 16.567627448737536, 16.79151430615291, 17.01540116356828, 17.239288020983654, 17.463174878399027, 17.687061735814396, 17.91094859322977, 18.13483545064514, 18.358722308060514, 18.582609165475887, 18.80649602289126, 19.03038288030663, 19.254269737722, 19.478156595137374, 19.702043452552747, 19.92593030996812, 20.149817167383492, 20.37370402479886, 20.597590882214234, 20.821477739629607, 21.04536459704498, 21.269251454460353, 21.493138311875725, 21.717025169291094, 21.940912026706467, 22.16479888412184, 22.388685741537213, 22.612572598952585, 22.836459456367955, 23.060346313783327, 23.2842331711987, 23.508120028614073, 23.732006886029446, 23.95589374344482, 24.179780600860187, 24.40366745827556, 24.627554315690933, 24.851441173106306, 25.07532803052168, 25.29921488793705, 25.52310174535242, 25.746988602767793, 25.970875460183166, 26.19476231759854, 26.41864917501391, 26.642536032429284, 26.866422889844653, 27.090309747260026, 27.3141966046754, 27.53808346209077, 27.761970319506144, 27.985857176921517, 28.209744034336886, 28.43363089175226, 28.65751774916763, 28.881404606583004, 29.105291463998377, 29.329178321413746, 29.55306517882912, 29.77695203624449, 30.000838893659864, 30.224725751075237, 30.44861260849061, 30.67249946590598, 30.89638632332135, 31.120273180736724, 31.344160038152097, 31.56804689556747, 31.791933752982843, 32.015820610398215, 32.23970746781359, 32.46359432522896, 32.687481182644326, 32.9113680400597, 33.13525489747507, 33.359141754890445, 33.58302861230582, 4.456500170783442, 5.1992501992473485, 5.446833542068651, 6.189583570532558, 6.4371669133538605, 6.932333598996465, 7.179916941817767, 7.42750028463907, 7.6750836274603715, 8.170250313102976, 8.417833655924278, 8.665416998745581, 8.913000341566883, 9.160583684388186, 9.408167027209489, 9.655750370030791, 9.903333712852092, 10.150917055673395, 10.398500398494697, 10.646083741316, 10.893667084137302, 11.141250426958605, 11.388833769779907, 11.636417112601208, 11.88400045542251, 12.131583798243813, 12.379167141065116, 12.626750483886418, 13.121917169529024, 13.369500512350324, 13.617083855171627, 13.86466719799293, 14.112250540814232, 14.359833883635535, 14.607417226456837, 14.85500056927814, 15.10258391209944, 15.350167254920743, 15.597750597742046, 15.845333940563348, 16.09291728338465, 16.34050062620595, 16.588083969027256, 16.835667311848557, 17.08325065466986, 17.330833997491162, 17.578417340312466, 17.826000683133767, 18.073584025955068, 18.321167368776372, 18.568750711597673, 18.816334054418977, 19.063917397240278, 19.311500740061582, 19.559084082882883, 19.806667425704184, 20.05425076852549, 20.30183411134679, 20.549417454168093, 20.797000796989394, 21.0445841398107, 21.292167482632, 21.5397508254533, 21.787334168274604, 22.034917511095905, 22.28250085391721, 22.53008419673851, 22.777667539559815, 23.025250882381116, 23.272834225202416, 23.52041756802372, 23.76800091084502, 24.015584253666326, 24.263167596487627, 24.51075093930893, 24.75833428213023, 25.005917624951532, 25.253500967772837, 25.501084310594138, 25.748667653415442, 25.996250996236743, 26.243834339058047, 26.491417681879348, 26.73900102470065, 26.986584367521953, 27.234167710343254, 27.481751053164558, 27.72933439598586, 27.976917738807163, 28.224501081628464, 28.472084424449765, 28.71966776727107, 28.96725111009237, 29.214834452913674, 29.462417795734975, 29.71000113855628, 29.95758448137758, 30.20516782419888, 30.452751167020185, 30.700334509841486, 30.94791785266279, 31.19550119548409, 31.443084538305396, 31.690667881126696, 31.938251223947997, 32.1858345667693, 32.4334179095906, 32.6810012524119, 32.92858459523321, 33.17616793805451, 33.42375128087581, 33.67133462369711, 33.918917966518414, 34.16650130933972, 34.41408465216102, 34.661667994982324, 34.909251337803624, 35.15683468062493, 35.40441802344623, 35.652001366267534, 35.899584709088835, 36.147168051910135, 36.39475139473144, 36.642334737552744, 36.889918080374045, 37.137501423195346, 37.38508476601665, 37.632668108837954, 37.880251451659255, 38.127834794480556, 38.37541813730186, 38.623001480123165, 38.870584822944465], [4.477737148307442, 0.0, 4.925510863138187, 5.373284577968931, 5.821058292799675, 6.044945150215047, 6.26883200763042, 6.716605722461163, 6.940492579876536, 7.38826629470728, 7.612153152122652, 7.836040009538024, 8.059926866953397, 8.283813724368768, 8.50770058178414, 8.731587439199513, 8.955474296614884, 9.40324801144563, 9.627134868861, 9.851021726276374, 10.074908583691746, 10.298795441107117, 10.52268229852249, 10.746569155937863, 10.970456013353234, 11.194342870768606, 11.418229728183977, 11.64211658559935, 11.866003443014723, 12.089890300430094, 12.313777157845466, 12.53766401526084, 12.76155087267621, 12.985437730091583, 13.209324587506956, 13.433211444922327, 13.6570983023377, 13.880985159753072, 14.104872017168443, 14.328758874583816, 14.552645731999188, 14.77653258941456, 15.000419446829932, 15.224306304245305, 15.448193161660676, 15.672080019076049, 15.895966876491421, 16.119853733906794, 16.343740591322163, 16.567627448737536, 16.79151430615291, 17.01540116356828, 17.239288020983654, 17.463174878399027, 17.687061735814396, 17.91094859322977, 18.13483545064514, 18.358722308060514, 18.582609165475887, 18.80649602289126, 19.03038288030663, 19.254269737722, 19.478156595137374, 19.702043452552747, 19.92593030996812, 20.149817167383492, 20.37370402479886, 20.597590882214234, 20.821477739629607, 21.04536459704498, 21.269251454460353, 21.493138311875725, 21.717025169291094, 21.940912026706467, 22.16479888412184, 22.388685741537213, 22.612572598952585, 22.836459456367955, 23.060346313783327, 23.2842331711987, 23.508120028614073, 23.732006886029446, 23.95589374344482, 24.179780600860187, 24.40366745827556, 24.627554315690933, 24.851441173106306, 25.07532803052168, 25.29921488793705, 25.52310174535242, 25.746988602767793, 25.970875460183166, 26.19476231759854, 26.41864917501391, 26.642536032429284, 26.866422889844653, 27.090309747260026, 27.3141966046754, 27.53808346209077, 27.761970319506144, 27.985857176921517, 28.209744034336886, 28.43363089175226, 28.65751774916763, 28.881404606583004, 29.105291463998377, 29.329178321413746, 29.55306517882912, 29.77695203624449, 30.000838893659864, 30.224725751075237, 30.44861260849061, 30.67249946590598, 30.89638632332135, 31.120273180736724, 31.344160038152097, 31.56804689556747, 31.791933752982843, 32.015820610398215, 32.23970746781359, 32.46359432522896, 32.687481182644326, 32.9113680400597, 33.13525489747507, 33.359141754890445, 4.208916827962139, 4.951666856426046, 5.1992501992473485, 5.942000227711255, 6.189583570532558, 6.684750256175162, 6.932333598996465, 7.179916941817767, 7.42750028463907, 7.922666970281674, 8.170250313102976, 8.417833655924278, 8.665416998745581, 8.913000341566883, 9.160583684388186, 9.408167027209489, 9.655750370030791, 9.903333712852092, 10.150917055673395, 10.398500398494697, 10.646083741316, 10.893667084137302, 11.141250426958605, 11.388833769779907, 11.636417112601208, 11.88400045542251, 12.131583798243813, 12.379167141065116, 12.874333826707721, 13.121917169529024, 13.369500512350324, 13.617083855171627, 13.86466719799293, 14.112250540814232, 14.359833883635535, 14.607417226456837, 14.85500056927814, 15.10258391209944, 15.350167254920743, 15.597750597742046, 15.845333940563348, 16.09291728338465, 16.34050062620595, 16.588083969027256, 16.835667311848557, 17.08325065466986, 17.330833997491162, 17.578417340312466, 17.826000683133767, 18.073584025955068, 18.321167368776372, 18.568750711597673, 18.816334054418977, 19.063917397240278, 19.311500740061582, 19.559084082882883, 19.806667425704184, 20.05425076852549, 20.30183411134679, 20.549417454168093, 20.797000796989394, 21.0445841398107, 21.292167482632, 21.5397508254533, 21.787334168274604, 22.034917511095905, 22.28250085391721, 22.53008419673851, 22.777667539559815, 23.025250882381116, 23.272834225202416, 23.52041756802372, 23.76800091084502, 24.015584253666326, 24.263167596487627, 24.51075093930893, 24.75833428213023, 25.005917624951532, 25.253500967772837, 25.501084310594138, 25.748667653415442, 25.996250996236743, 26.243834339058047, 26.491417681879348, 26.73900102470065, 26.986584367521953, 27.234167710343254, 27.481751053164558, 27.72933439598586, 27.976917738807163, 28.224501081628464, 28.472084424449765, 28.71966776727107, 28.96725111009237, 29.214834452913674, 29.462417795734975, 29.71000113855628, 29.95758448137758, 30.20516782419888, 30.452751167020185, 30.700334509841486, 30.94791785266279, 31.19550119548409, 31.443084538305396, 31.690667881126696, 31.938251223947997, 32.1858345667693, 32.4334179095906, 32.6810012524119, 32.92858459523321, 33.17616793805451, 33.42375128087581, 33.67133462369711, 33.918917966518414, 34.16650130933972, 34.41408465216102, 34.661667994982324, 34.909251337803624, 35.15683468062493, 35.40441802344623, 35.652001366267534, 35.899584709088835, 36.147168051910135, 36.39475139473144, 36.642334737552744, 36.889918080374045, 37.137501423195346, 37.38508476601665, 37.632668108837954, 37.880251451659255, 38.127834794480556, 38.37541813730186, 38.623001480123165]], "data01": [[0.0, 9.4], [0.22388685741537212, 19.0], [0.44777371483074424, 10.6], [0.6716605722461164, 9.9], [0.8955474296614885, 14.3], [1.1194342870768605, 12.9], [1.3433211444922328, 10.0], [1.567208001907605, 8.4], [1.791094859322977, 8.6], [2.0149817167383492, 9.4], [2.238868574153721, 7.6], [2.4627554315690934, 6.0], [2.6866422889844657, 5.7], [2.9105291463998375, 5.8], [3.13441600381521, 5.0], [3.3583028612305816, 2.4], [3.582189718645954, 1.7], [3.806076576061326, 1.0], [4.0299634334766985, 1.0], [4.25385029089207, 0.0], [4.477737148307442, 0.0], [4.701624005722815, 0.0], [4.925510863138187, 1.0], [5.149397720553559, 0.0], [5.373284577968931, 0.0], [5.597171435384303, 0.0], [5.821058292799675, 0.0], [6.044945150215047, 0.0], [6.26883200763042, 0.0], [6.492718865045791, 0.0], [6.716605722461163, 0.0], [6.940492579876536, 0.0], [7.164379437291908, 0.0], [7.38826629470728, 0.0], [7.612153152122652, 0.0], [7.836040009538024, 0.0], [8.059926866953397, 0.0], [8.283813724368768, 0.0], [8.50770058178414, 0.0], [8.731587439199513, 0.0], [8.955474296614884, 0.0], [9.179361154030257, 0.0], [9.40324801144563, 0.0], [9.627134868861, 0.0], [9.851021726276374, 0.0], [10.074908583691746, 1.0], [10.298795441107117, 0.0], [10.52268229852249, 0.0], [10.746569155937863, 0.0], [10.970456013353234, 0.0], [11.194342870768606, 0.0], [11.418229728183977, 0.0], [11.64211658559935, 0.0], [11.866003443014723, 0.0], [12.089890300430094, 0.0], [12.313777157845466, 0.0], [12.53766401526084, 0.0], [12.76155087267621, 0.0], [12.985437730091583, 0.0], [13.209324587506956, 0.0], [13.433211444922327, 0.0], [13.6570983023377, 0.0], [13.880985159753072, 0.0], [14.104872017168443, 0.0], [14.328758874583816, 0.0], [14.552645731999188, 0.0], [14.77653258941456, 0.0], [15.000419446829932, 0.0], [15.224306304245305, 0.0], [15.448193161660676, 0.0], [15.672080019076049, 0.0], [15.895966876491421, 0.0], [16.119853733906794, 0.0], [16.343740591322163, 0.0], [16.567627448737536, 0.0], [16.79151430615291, 0.0], [17.01540116356828, 0.0], [17.239288020983654, 0.0], [17.463174878399027, 0.0], [17.687061735814396, 0.0], [17.91094859322977, 0.0], [18.13483545064514, 0.0], [18.358722308060514, 0.0], [18.582609165475887, 0.0], [18.80649602289126, 0.0], [19.03038288030663, 0.0], [19.254269737722, 0.0], [19.478156595137374, 0.0], [19.702043452552747, 0.0], [19.92593030996812, 0.0], [20.149817167383492, 0.0], [20.37370402479886, 0.0], [20.597590882214234, 0.0], [20.821477739629607, 0.0], [21.04536459704498, 0.0], [21.269251454460353, 0.0], [21.493138311875725, 0.0], [21.717025169291094, 0.0], [21.940912026706467, 0.0], [22.16479888412184, 0.0], [22.388685741537213, 0.0], [22.612572598952585, 0.0], [22.836459456367955, 0.0], [23.060346313783327, 0.0], [23.2842331711987, 0.0], [23.508120028614073, 0.0], [23.732006886029446, 0.0], [23.95589374344482, 0.0], [24.179780600860187, 0.0], [24.40366745827556, 0.0], [24.627554315690933, 0.0], [24.851441173106306, 0.0], [25.07532803052168, 0.0], [25.29921488793705, 0.0], [25.52310174535242, 0.0], [25.746988602767793, 0.0], [25.970875460183166, 0.0], [26.19476231759854, 0.0], [26.41864917501391, 0.0], [26.642536032429284, 0.0], [26.866422889844653, 0.0], [27.090309747260026, 0.0], [27.3141966046754, 0.0], [27.53808346209077, 0.0], [27.761970319506144, 0.0], [27.985857176921517, 0.0], [28.209744034336886, 0.0], [28.43363089175226, 0.0], [28.65751774916763, 0.0], [28.881404606583004, 0.0], [29.105291463998377, 0.0], [29.329178321413746, 0.0], [29.55306517882912, 0.0], [29.77695203624449, 0.0], [30.000838893659864, 0.0], [30.224725751075237, 0.0], [30.44861260849061, 0.0], [30.67249946590598, 0.0], [30.89638632332135, 0.0], [31.120273180736724, 0.0], [31.344160038152097, 0.0], [31.56804689556747, 0.0], [31.791933752982843, 0.0], [32.015820610398215, 0.0], [32.23970746781359, 0.0], [32.46359432522896, 0.0], [32.687481182644326, 0.0], [32.9113680400597, 0.0], [33.13525489747507, 0.0], [33.359141754890445, 0.0], [33.58302861230582, 0.0]]}, "id": "el508184423875216"});
                })
             });
    }
    </script>



To define the positions with significant contributions each of the
independent components (ICs), we make a empirical fit for each IC to the
t-distribution and select positions with greater than a specified cutoff
on the CDF. We choose :math:`p=0.95` as our cutoff. Note that since some
positions might contribute significantly to more than one IC (and
indication of non-independence of ICs), we apply a simple algorithm to
assign such positions to one IC. Specifically, we assign positions to
the IC with which it has the greatest degree of co-evolution.

For brevity, we don't plot the IC fits below (though we do in the other
tutorial notebooks), but do print the list of positions associated with
each IC for both alignments. Comparing between alignments, we can
already see some distinctions in the residue positions associated to
each component: IC1 is expanded for the manual alignment, ICs2,4+5 are
similar for both alignments, and ICs 3+6 are swapped between the two
alignments.

.. code:: python

    plt.rcParams['figure.figsize'] = 20, 5 
    for a in range(N_alg):
        print "alignment: "+AlgName[a]
        for n,ipos in enumerate(Dsect[a]['ics']):
            sort_ipos = sorted(ipos.items)
            ats_ipos = ([Dseq[a]['ats'][s] for s in sort_ipos])
            ic_pymol = ('+'.join(ats_ipos))
            print('IC %i is composed of %i positions:' % (n+1,len(ats_ipos)))
            print(ic_pymol + "\n")


.. parsed-literal::

    alignment: PFAM
    IC 1 is composed of 11 positions:
    3+5+6+11+18+45+92+100+111+125+153
    
    IC 2 is composed of 19 positions:
    7+14+15+27+31+35+42+43+44+46+49+54+57+94+95+96+113+122+126
    
    IC 3 is composed of 3 positions:
    21+22+24
    
    IC 4 is composed of 5 positions:
    23+28+32+51+55
    
    IC 5 is composed of 13 positions:
    9+13+25+37+39+56+64+71+81+105+107+121+133
    
    IC 6 is composed of 7 positions:
    40+47+50+52+53+59+61
    
    alignment: Manual
    IC 1 is composed of 13 positions:
    13+23+25+27+28+30+32+37+38+51+55+63+121
    
    IC 2 is composed of 18 positions:
    7+14+15+22+31+35+42+43+44+46+49+54+57+61+94+95+96+113
    
    IC 3 is composed of 9 positions:
    40+47+50+52+53+59+81+100+103
    
    IC 4 is composed of 12 positions:
    3+6+11+18+45+60+90+92+111+125+147+149
    
    IC 5 is composed of 12 positions:
    9+39+56+64+71+85+104+105+107+115+133+158
    
    IC 6 is composed of 5 positions:
    21+24+93+122+123
    
    IC 7 is composed of 4 positions:
    5+126+151+156
    


To define protein sectors, we examine the structure of the SCA
positional correlation matrix with positions contributing to the top
independent components (ICs) ordered by weight *(left panel)*. Again we
compare the results between the PFAM alignment *(top)* and manual
alignment *(bottom)*. This provides a basis to determine/interpret which
ICs are truly statistically independent (defining an independent sector)
and which represent hierarchical breakdowns of one sector.

For both alignments, it seems that the ICs reflect a hierarchical
break-down of a single sector, as determined by the high degree of
co-evolution in the off-diagonal components (see the dendrogram that
follows). In the *right panels* the ICs are combined and re-ordered by
their contribution to :math:`V_1^p` to better see this.

.. code:: python

    sectors = list()
    ix = 1
    for a in range(N_alg):
        #plot the SCA positional correlation matrix, ordered by contribution 
        #to the top ICs
        plt.rcParams['figure.figsize'] = 9, 9 
        plt.subplot(2,2,ix); ix +=1;
        plt.imshow(Dsca[a]['Csca'][np.ix_(Dsect[a]['sortedpos'],\
                    Dsect[a]['sortedpos'])],vmin=0, vmax=2,\
                   interpolation='none',aspect='equal',\
                   extent=[0,sum(Dsect[a]['icsize']),0,\
                           sum(Dsect[a]['icsize'])])
        line_index=0
        for i in range(Dsect[a]['kpos']):
            plt.plot([line_index+Dsect[a]['icsize'][i],\
                      line_index+Dsect[a]['icsize'][i]],\
                     [0,sum(Dsect[a]['icsize'])],'w', linewidth = 2)
            plt.plot([0,sum(Dsect[a]['icsize'])],[sum(Dsect[a]['icsize'])\
                            -line_index,sum(Dsect[a]['icsize'])-line_index],\
                     'w', linewidth = 2)
            line_index += Dsect[a]['icsize'][i] 
    
        #combine all the ICs into a single sector and re-sort
        sec_groups = ([k for k in range(Dsect[a]['kpos'])])
        sectors_alg = list()
        s = sca.Unit()
        all_items = list()
        all_Vp = list()
        for i in range(Dsect[a]['kpos']): 
            all_items = all_items+Dsect[a]['ics'][i].items
            tmp1 = Dsect[a]['Vpica'][Dsect[a]['ics'][i].items,:]
            all_Vp = all_Vp + list(tmp1[:,0].T) 
        svals = list(np.argsort(all_Vp)); svals.reverse()  
        s.items = [all_items[i] for i in svals]
        s.col = (1/len(sec_groups))*n
        sectors_alg.append(s)
        sectors.append(sectors_alg)
        
        #plot the re-ordered matrix
        sortpos = list()
        for s in sectors[a]:
            sortpos.extend(s.items)
        plt.subplot(2,2,ix); ix += 1;
        line_index=0
        plt.imshow(Dsca[a]['Csca'][np.ix_(sortpos, sortpos)], \
                   vmin=0, vmax=2,interpolation='none',aspect='equal',\
               extent=[0,len(sortpos),0,len(sortpos)])
        for s in sectors[a]:
            plt.plot([line_index+len(s.items),line_index+len(s.items)],\
                     [0,len(sortpos)],'w', linewidth = 2)
            plt.plot([0,sum(Dsect[a]['icsize'])],[len(sortpos)-line_index, \
                            len(sortpos)-line_index],'w', linewidth = 2)
            line_index += len(s.items)
        plt.tight_layout()



.. image:: SCA_DHFR_files/SCA_DHFR_20_0.png


The below dendrogram diagrams the relationship between independent
components for the PFAM alignment (the tree for the manual alignment is
similar). In this plot, solid lines represent physically contiguous
structural units, and dashed lines indicate spatially fragmented groups
of residues.

.. code:: python

    i = Image(filename='figs/DHFR_sec_hier.png'); i




.. image:: SCA_DHFR_files/SCA_DHFR_22_0.png



Print the sector positions (as defined for each alignment), in a format
suitable for pyMol, and create two pyMol sessions with the sectors (and
decomposition into independent components) as seperate objects.

.. code:: python

    for a in range(N_alg):
        print "Alignment: " + AlgName[a]
        for i,k in enumerate(sectors[a]):
            sort_ipos = sorted(k.items)
            ats_ipos = ([Dseq[a]['ats'][s] for s in sort_ipos])
            ic_pymol = ('+'.join(ats_ipos))
            print('Sector %i is composed of %i positions:' % (i+1,len(ats_ipos)))
            print(ic_pymol + "\n")
            
    sca.writePymol('1RX2', sectors[0], Dsect[0]['ics'], Dseq[0]['ats'],\
                   'Outputs/PF00186.pml','A', '../Inputs/', 0)  
    sca.writePymol('1RX2', sectors[1], Dsect[1]['ics'], Dseq[1]['ats'],\
                   'Outputs/DHFR_PEPM3.pml','A', '../Inputs/', 0)  


.. parsed-literal::

    Alignment: PFAM
    Sector 1 is composed of 58 positions:
    3+5+6+7+9+11+13+14+15+18+21+22+23+24+25+27+28+31+32+35+37+39+40+42+43+44+45+46+47+49+50+51+52+53+54+55+56+57+59+61+64+71+81+92+94+95+96+100+105+107+111+113+121+122+125+126+133+153
    
    Alignment: Manual
    Sector 1 is composed of 73 positions:
    3+5+6+7+9+11+13+14+15+18+21+22+23+24+25+27+28+30+31+32+35+37+38+39+40+42+43+44+45+46+47+49+50+51+52+53+54+55+56+57+59+60+61+63+64+71+81+85+90+92+93+94+95+96+100+103+104+105+107+111+113+115+121+122+123+125+126+133+147+149+151+156+158
    


As is evident from the position lists above, and as shown below, the
structural pattern of the two sectors and their associated decomposition
into independent components is highly similar when compared between the
two alignments. The main difference is that the sector (and independent
components) for the manual alignment systematically includes a few more
residue postions.

.. code:: python

    i = Image(filename='figs/DHFR_decompv2.png'); i




.. image:: SCA_DHFR_files/SCA_DHFR_26_0.png



III. The phylogenetic basis of the sector hierarchy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

How does the clear phylogenetic heterogeneity in the MSA influence the
sector definitions? Since the sector definitions for the two alignments
above are roughly equivalent, we only consider the larger (PFAM)
alignment here. To address this, we take advantage of mathematical
methods for mapping between the space of positional and sequence
correlations, as described in *Rivoire et al*. Using this mapping, we
plot the top :math:`k_{pos}` ICs as 2-D scatter plots with the
corresponding sequence space divergence.

.. code:: python

    plt.rcParams['figure.figsize'] = 14, 10 
    pairs= [[0,1],[2,3],[4,5]]
    for n,[k1,k2] in enumerate(pairs):
        plt.subplot(2,3,n+1)
        sca.figUnits(Dsect[0]['Vpica'][:,k1], Dsect[0]['Vpica'][:,k2],\
                     Dsect[0]['ics'], dotsize = 6)
        plt.xlabel(r'$V^p_{%i}$' % (k1+1), fontsize=16)
        plt.ylabel(r'$V^p_{%i}$' % (k2+1), fontsize=16)
        plt.subplot(2,3,n+4)
        sca.figUnits(Dsect[0]['Upica'][:,k1], Dsect[0]['Upica'][:,k2],\
                     phylo[0], dotsize = 6)
        plt.xlabel(r'$U^p_{%i}$' % (k1+1), fontsize=16)
        plt.ylabel(r'$U^p_{%i}$' % (k2+1), fontsize=16)
    plt.tight_layout()



.. image:: SCA_DHFR_files/SCA_DHFR_29_0.png


.. code:: python

    plt.rcParams['figure.figsize'] = 20,8 
    col = list()
    axis_lims = ([-0.06, 0.08],[-0.03, -0.01],[-0.05,0.03],[-0.01 ,0.05],\
                 [-0.02 ,0.05],[-0.05 ,0.03])
    for k in phylo[0]:
        col = col + [colorsys.hsv_to_rgb(k.col,1,1)]
    for k in range(Dsect[0]['kpos']):
        forhist = list()
        for group in phylo[0]:
            forhist.append([Dsect[0]['Upica'][i,k] for i in group.items])
        plt.subplot(2,Dsect[0]['kpos'],k+1)
        plt.hist(forhist, histtype='barstacked',color=col)
        plt.axis([axis_lims[k][0],axis_lims[k][1],0,600])
        plt.xlabel(r'$U^p_{%i}$' % (k+1), fontsize=16) 



.. image:: SCA_DHFR_files/SCA_DHFR_30_0.png


We see some association of phylogeny with sector positions at the phylum
level: for example the positions along :math:`V_3^p` are associated with
the divergence of some bacteriodetes *(yellow)* and
firmicutes\ *(green)* along :math:`U_3^p`. Further, the positions along
ICs :math:`V_1^p`,\ :math:`V_5^p` and :math:`V_6^p` seem to seperate the
eukaryotes *(red)* from the prokaryotes.

So in conclusion, the DHFR family appears to have a single sector that
can be decomposed into roughly six groups due to sequence divergence.
Notably, the sector definition (and decomposition into ICs) is very
similar for the two different sequence alignments.
