
SCA6.0 - The G protein family
-----------------------------

**Summary:** This script describes the basic flow of analytical steps in
SCA6.0, using the G-protein (small GTPase, Ras-like) family as an
example (PFAM PF00071). The analysis consists of five steps, which
directly follow from the accompanying publication (Rivoire et al, "An
Evolution-Based Functional Decomposition of Natural Proteins"):

**1) Alignment processing and composition.** We begin by analyzing the
composition of the mulitple sequence alignment: what is the number of
effective sequences, and how are the sequences structured into families?
For the G-protein family, the PFAM alignment sequence space is
well-sampled and fairly homogeneous (unstructured), as evidenced by the
fact that overall alignment sequence similarity shows a unimodal
distribution near 25%.

**2) First-order statistics: position-specific conservation.** Next, we
examine overall positional conservation for the sequence alignment. This
shows the expected result, that a handful of positions are strongly
conserved.

**3) Second-order statistics: conserved correlations.** Plots of the SCA
matrix (:math:`\tilde{C_{ij}}`), the associated eigenvectors and
eigenspectrum, and the corresponding independent components (IC). We
choose the number of significant eigenmodes, :math:`k^* = 4`, by
comparison of the eigenspectrum of :math:`\tilde{C_{ij}}` to that for a
collection of 10 randomized alignments.

**4) Sector decomposition.** Sector definition based on the top
:math:`k^*` ICs. We begin by fitting the top :math:`k^*` statistically
significant ICs to a t-distribution, and then identify the amino acid
positions contributing to the top five percent of the corresponding
cumulative density function. We then construct a sub-matrix of
:math:`\tilde{C_{ij}}` that contains only the selected top-scoring
positions for the :math:`k^*` ICs, ordered by their degree of
contribution to each IC. This plot is used to choose sector assignments.
For the g-protein family, we define two sectors, sector 1 composed of
ICs 1,2, and 3, and sector 2 composed of IC 4. Related to Figs. 4 and 5
of the main text.

**5) Sequence subfamilies and the basis of sector hierarchy. ** We
relate the two sectors (and underlying ICs) to the pattern of divergence
between amino acid sequences. To do this, we make a mapping between
sequence space and positional correlations using singular value
decomposition. We see that the amino acid positions associated with IC1
and IC2 differentiate between different g-protein subclasses, suggesting
that these regions might tune allosteric regulation in a subclass
specific way.

Prior to running this tutorial, the core calculation scripts must be
executed from the command line as follows: >> ./scaProcessMSA.py
Inputs/PF00071\_rd2.an -s 5P21 -c A -f 'Homo sapiens' -t -n >>
./scaCore.py Outputs/PF00071\_rd2.db >> ./scaSectorID.py
Outputs/PF00071\_rd2.db

Note that we supply pre-annotated alignments for all tutorial scripts
*(the annotate\_pfMSA step is slow, and should only be run once)*.

**O.Rivoire, K.Reynolds and R.Ranganathan** 1/2015

.. code:: python

    %matplotlib inline
    from __future__ import division
    
    import os
    import time
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    import numpy as np
    import copy
    import scipy.cluster.hierarchy as sch
    from scipy.stats import scoreatpercentile 
    import matplotlib.image as mpimg
    from IPython.display import display
    from IPython.display import Image
    from Bio.Seq import Seq
    from Bio import motifs
    import colorsys
    import scaTools as sca
    import mpld3
    import cPickle as pickle
    from optparse import OptionParser
    
    if not os.path.exists('Outputs/'): os.makedirs('Outputs/')  

To begin, we read in the results of the above three scripts
(scaProcessMSA, scaCore and scaSectorID), stored as three dictionaries
in the database PF00071\_full.db. To see what variables are stored in
each dictionary, use the command dictionary.keys( ), e.g.:

::

    >>> print Dseq.keys()

.. code:: python

    db = pickle.load(open('Outputs/PF00071_rd2.db','rb'))
    Dseq = db['sequence']  #the results of scaProcessMSA
    Dsca = db['sca']       #the results of scaCore
    Dsect = db['sector']   #the results of scaSectorID

I. Alignment processing and composition
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

First, we print out a few statistics describing the alignment:

.. code:: python

    print("After processing, the alignment size is %i sequences and %i positions" % \
          (Dseq['Nseq'], Dseq['Npos']))
    print("With sequence weights, there are %i effective sequences" % (Dseq['effseqs']))


.. parsed-literal::

    After processing, the alignment size is 4974 sequences and 158 positions
    With sequence weights, there are 3366 effective sequences


To examine alignment composition, we plot a histogram of all pairwise
sequence identities *(left panel)* and a global view of the sequence
similarity matrix (defined by :math:`S\equiv \frac{1}{L}XX^\top`)
*(right panel)*. The data show that the alignment is described by a
nearly homogeneous distribution of sequence identities with a mean value
of about 25%.

.. code:: python

    # List all elements above the diagonal (i<j):
    listS = [Dsca['simMat'][i,j] for i in range(Dsca['simMat'].shape[0]) \
             for j in range(i+1, Dsca['simMat'].shape[1])]
    #Cluster the sequence similarity matrix
    Z = sch.linkage(Dsca['simMat'],method = 'complete', metric = 'cityblock')
    R = sch.dendrogram(Z,no_plot = True)
    ind = map(int, R['ivl'])
    #Plotting
    plt.rcParams['figure.figsize'] = 9, 4 
    plt.subplot(121)
    plt.hist(listS, Dseq['Npos']/2)
    plt.xlabel('Pairwise sequence identities', fontsize=14)
    plt.ylabel('Number', fontsize=14)
    plt.subplot(122)
    plt.imshow(Dsca['simMat'][np.ix_(ind,ind)], vmin=0, vmax=1); plt.colorbar();



.. image:: SCA_G_files/SCA_G_9_0.png


**Sequence annotations:** We construct a dictionary of phylogenetic
annotations (parsed from the sequence headers) and check the
representation of sequences in the top taxonomic levels. For each level,
we print a list of taxonomic classes, and the number of sequences found
for each.

.. code:: python

    #construct a dictionary of phylogenetic groups
    annot = dict()
    for i, h in enumerate(Dseq['hd']):
        hs = h.split('|')
        annot[hs[0]] = sca.Annot(hs[1], hs[2], hs[3].replace('.',''))
        
    # Most frequent taxonomic groups:
    atleast = 10
    for level in range(4):
        descr_list = [a.taxo.split(',')[level] for a in annot.values() \
                      if len(a.taxo.split(',')) > level]
        descr_dict = {k:descr_list.count(k) for k in descr_list \
                      if descr_list.count(k)>=atleast}
        print '\n Level %i:' % level
        print descr_dict    


.. parsed-literal::

    
     Level 0:
    {'Eukaryota': 4879, 'Bacteria': 74}
    
     Level 1:
    {'Ichthyosporea': 22, 'stramenopiles': 159, 'Alveolata': 530, 'Oxymonadida': 14, 'Choanoflagellida': 47, 'Viridiplantae': 192, 'Parabasalia': 321, 'Bacteroidetes': 18, 'Amoebozoa': 510, 'Fungi': 702, 'Metazoa': 2048, 'Cyanobacteria': 20, 'Diplomonadida': 32, 'Heterolobosea': 143, 'Euglenozoa': 148, 'Proteobacteria': 27}
    
     Level 2:
    {'Schizopyrenida': 143, 'Blastocystis': 20, 'Trichomonadida': 320, 'Dikarya': 622, 'Bacillariophyta': 23, 'Echinodermata': 46, 'Porifera': 105, 'Capsaspora': 22, 'Apicomplexa': 89, 'Mycetozoa': 255, 'Chytridiomycota': 15, 'Fungi incertae sedis': 17, 'Pelagophyceae': 25, 'Codonosigidae': 22, 'Streptophyta': 137, 'Perkinsea': 32, 'Hexamitidae': 32, 'Salpingoecidae': 25, 'Archamoebae': 255, 'Chordata': 985, 'Platyhelminthes': 89, 'Oomycetes': 67, 'Kinetoplastida': 148, 'Arthropoda': 520, 'Microsporidia': 46, 'Placozoa': 44, 'Gammaproteobacteria': 10, 'Ciliophora': 408, 'Nematoda': 175, 'PX clade': 24, 'Chlorophyta': 55, 'Cnidaria': 78}
    
     Level 3:
    {'Vahlkampfiidae': 143, 'Trebouxiophyceae': 12, 'Demospongiae': 105, 'Albuginales': 22, 'Trypanosomatidae': 148, 'Ascomycota': 471, 'Early diverging fungal lineages': 17, 'Phaeophyceae': 23, 'Perkinsida': 32, 'Chytridiomycetes': 15, 'Trichoplax': 44, 'Unikaryonidae': 17, 'Tunicata': 122, 'Monosiga': 22, 'Peronosporales': 45, 'Intramacronucleata': 408, 'Crustacea': 73, 'Eleutherozoa': 46, 'Trichomonadidae': 320, 'Chlorophyceae': 19, 'Cephalochordata': 54, 'Enterocytozoonidae': 11, 'Aureococcus': 25, 'Coccidia': 37, 'Salpingoeca': 25, 'Chromadorea': 154, 'Coscinodiscophyceae': 16, 'Basidiomycota': 151, 'Enoplea': 21, 'Entamoebidae': 255, 'Trematoda': 85, 'Anthozoa': 76, 'Dictyosteliida': 253, 'Embryophyta': 136, 'Mamiellophyceae': 24, 'Hexapoda': 402, 'Aconoidasida': 52, 'Craniata': 809, 'Chelicerata': 45, 'Giardiinae': 32}


Based on this, we select taxonomic groups and associate them to colors
for representation. We choose broad taxonomic groups that are
well-represented in the alignment (corresponding to Level 1). To see a
complete legend that maps numeric codes to color, use:

::

    >>> sca.figColors()

.. code:: python

    phylo = list();
    fam_names = ['Metazoa', 'Amoebozoa', 'Viridiplantae', 'Fungi',\
                 'Alveolata', 'Parabasalia']
    col = (0, 0.6, 0.38, 0.18, 0.8, 0.5) 
    #Metazoa = red, Amoebozoa = yellow, Viridiplantae = green, 
    #Fungi = cyan, Alveolata = blue, Parabasalia = purple
    for i,k in enumerate(fam_names):
        sf = sca.Unit()
        sf.name = fam_names[i].lower()
        sf.col = col[i]
        sf.items = [j for j,q in enumerate(Dseq['hd'])  if sf.name in q.lower()]
        phylo.append(sf)

We also attempt to annotate the sequences by their declared sub-class of
G protein - Ras, Rab, Rac, and Rho. These annotations are simply parsed
from the header, and could contain mis-assignments.

.. code:: python

    gprot_names = ['Ras', 'Rab', 'Rac','Rho']
    gprot_classes = list()
    col = (0, 0.65, 0.15, 0.38)
    #Ras=light blue, Rab = orange, Rac=yellow, Rho=dark blue
    for c,k in enumerate(gprot_names):
        gp = sca.Unit()
        gp.col = col[c]
        gp.name = k
        gp.items = [i for i,h in enumerate(Dseq['hd']) if k in h]
        gprot_classes.append(gp)

To examine the relationship between global sequence similarity,
phylogeny, and functional sub-class, we plot the top six independent
components of the sequence correlation matrix (including sequence
weights). In these plots, each point represents a particular sequence,
and the distance between points reflects global sequence identity. In
the top row each point (sequence) is color coded by phylogenetic
annotation, in the bottom row, they are color-coded by g-protein class.

.. code:: python

    plt.rcParams['figure.figsize'] = 9, 8
    U = Dsca['Uica'][1]
    pairs = [[2*i,2*i+1] for i in range(3)]
    for k,[k1,k2] in enumerate(pairs):
        plt.subplot(2,3,k+1)
        sca.figUnits(U[:,k1], U[:,k2], phylo)
        plt.xlabel(r"$IC_{seq}^{%i}$"%(k1+1), fontsize=16)
        plt.ylabel(r"$IC_{seq}^{%i}$"%(k2+1), fontsize=16)
        plt.subplot(2,3,k+4)
        sca.figUnits(U[:,k1], U[:,k2], gprot_classes)
        plt.xlabel(r"$IC_{seq}^{%i}$"%(k1+1), fontsize=16)
        plt.ylabel(r"$IC_{seq}^{%i}$"%(k2+1), fontsize=16)
    plt.tight_layout()



.. image:: SCA_G_files/SCA_G_17_0.png


The data show a mixed distribution of phylogenetic groups along modes
1-5. A subset of metazoan sequences emerges along the mode six,
:math:`IC^{6}_{seq}`. In contrast, the top modes of the sequence
similarity matrix do seem to correspond to functional G protein
subclasses. For example, the Rho proteins *(green)* emerge along
:math:`IC^{2}_{seq}` , the Ras proteins *(red)* along
:math:`IC^{3}_{seq}`, and a subset of Rabs *(blue)* along
:math:`IC^{4}_{seq}` and :math:`IC^{5}_{seq}` and a subset of Ras
proteins along :math:`IC^{6}_{seq}`. Many G-protein paralogs (reflecting
different subclasses) can be found in each type of organism, and thus
the global pattern of sequence divergence is distinct from phylogeny.

II.  First-order statistics: position-specific conservation. 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Plot the position-specific conservation values for each g-protein
position. :math:`D_i` is calculated according to equation S4
(supplemental information).

.. code:: python

    fig, axs = plt.subplots(1,1, figsize=(9,4))
    xvals = [i+1 for i in range(len(Dsca['Di']))]
    xticks = [0,45,95,144]
    plt.bar(xvals,Dsca['Di'], color='k')
    plt.tick_params(labelsize=11); plt.grid()
    axs.set_xticks(xticks);
    labels = [Dseq['ats'][k] for k in xticks]
    axs.set_xticklabels(labels);
    plt.xlabel('Amino acid position', fontsize=18); plt.ylabel('Di', fontsize=18);



.. image:: SCA_G_files/SCA_G_21_0.png


III. Second-order statistics: conserved correlations.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Plot the SCA correlation matrix ( :math:`\tilde{C_{ij}}` ) computed
according to Equations 4+5

.. code:: python

    plt.rcParams['figure.figsize'] = 13, 8
    plt.imshow(Dsca['Csca'], vmin=0, vmax=1.4,interpolation='none',\
               aspect='equal')




.. parsed-literal::

    <matplotlib.image.AxesImage at 0x12bf49950>




.. image:: SCA_G_files/SCA_G_24_1.png


Plot the eigenspectrum of (1) the SCA positional coevolution matrix
(:math:`\tilde{C_{ij}}`) *(black bars)* and (2) 10 trials of matrix
randomization for comparison. This graph is used to choose the number of
significant eigenmodes (:math:`k^* = 4`).

.. code:: python

    plt.rcParams['figure.figsize'] = 9, 4 
    hist0, bins = np.histogram(Dsca['Lrand'].flatten(), bins=Dseq['Npos'], \
                               range=(0,Dsect['Lsca'].max()))
    hist1, bins = np.histogram(Dsect['Lsca'], bins=Dseq['Npos'], \
                               range=(0,Dsect['Lsca'].max()))
    plt.bar(bins[:-1], hist1, np.diff(bins),color='k')
    plt.plot(bins[:-1], hist0/Dsca['Ntrials'], 'r', linewidth=3)
    plt.tick_params(labelsize=11)
    plt.xlabel('Eigenvalues', fontsize=18); plt.ylabel('Numbers', fontsize=18);
    print 'Number of eigenmodes to keep is %i' %(Dsect['kpos'])
    mpld3.display()


.. parsed-literal::

    Number of eigenmodes to keep is 4




.. raw:: html

    
    
    <style>
    
    </style>
    
    <div id="fig_el5077150321982244267779937"></div>
    <script>
    function mpld3_load_lib(url, callback){
      var s = document.createElement('script');
      s.src = url;
      s.async = true;
      s.onreadystatechange = s.onload = callback;
      s.onerror = function(){console.warn("failed to load library " + url);};
      document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(s);
    }
    
    if(typeof(mpld3) !== "undefined" && mpld3._mpld3IsLoaded){
       // already loaded: just create the figure
       !function(mpld3){
           
           mpld3.draw_figure("fig_el5077150321982244267779937", {"axes": [{"xlim": [0.0, 35.0], "yscale": "linear", "axesbg": "none", "texts": [{"v_baseline": "hanging", "h_anchor": "middle", "color": "#000000", "text": "Eigenvalues", "coordinates": "axes", "zorder": 3, "alpha": 1, "fontsize": 18.0, "position": [0.5, -0.092741935483870969], "rotation": -0.0, "id": "el507715436441296"}, {"v_baseline": "auto", "h_anchor": "middle", "color": "#000000", "text": "Numbers", "coordinates": "axes", "zorder": 3, "alpha": 1, "fontsize": 18.0, "position": [-0.042618727598566303, 0.5], "rotation": -90.0, "id": "el507715440883408"}], "zoomable": true, "images": [], "xdomain": [0.0, 35.0], "ylim": [0.0, 30.0], "paths": [{"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data02", "id": "el507714869219152"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data03", "id": "el507714869221456"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data04", "id": "el507715440714832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data05", "id": "el507715440713168"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data06", "id": "el507714868401104"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data07", "id": "el507714868400784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data07", "id": "el507715440898064"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data08", "id": "el507715440897808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data09", "id": "el507715023124944"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data10", "id": "el507715023123920"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data10", "id": "el507715023122832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data10", "id": "el507714865841808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data11", "id": "el507714865842704"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data11", "id": "el507714870765584"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data11", "id": "el507714870765968"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data12", "id": "el507714866082576"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data12", "id": "el507714866081040"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data12", "id": "el507714866083024"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data12", "id": "el507715023253072"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715023253392"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 5, "data": "data12", "id": "el507714866142480"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866142608"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921601360"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921601488"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 5, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714302525072"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 6, "data": "data12", "id": "el507715436184720"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 6, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436090896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 7, "data": "data12", "id": "el507715436090448"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 7, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440606160"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 8, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440603088"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 8, "data": "data12", "id": "el507715436284240"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 9, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436472784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 10, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436397840"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 11, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436366352"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 12, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032106832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 13, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440884432"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 14, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436284752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 15, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034484496"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 16, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034485008"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 17, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715443164048"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 18, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715443165712"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 19, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921564880"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 20, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921562128"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 9, "data": "data12", "id": "el507714921564688"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 21, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714423801232"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 22, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436649552"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 23, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436651984"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 24, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436629648"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 25, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436632912"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 26, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032504656"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 27, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032502544"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 28, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032546192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 29, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032545040"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 10, "data": "data12", "id": "el507714923879952"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 30, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714923882320"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 31, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871394576"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 32, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871395344"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 33, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871394896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 34, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921899536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 35, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921898384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 36, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871593296"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 37, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871593232"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 38, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871637904"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 39, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871637136"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 40, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871546832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 41, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871546384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 42, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034816592"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 43, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034816080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 44, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034819536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 45, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440524624"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 46, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440526928"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 47, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034899344"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 48, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034899664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 49, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034901328"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 50, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436332176"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 51, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436330896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 52, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868173904"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 53, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868176016"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 54, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714923852368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 55, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714923852688"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 56, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868134800"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 57, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868133840"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 58, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715023316368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 59, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715023314832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 60, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034839568"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 61, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034838992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 62, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034641552"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 63, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034639440"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 64, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034914640"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 65, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034917136"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 66, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034915920"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 67, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868071120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 68, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868070160"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 69, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715443212240"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 70, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034933904"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 71, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034930448"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 72, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034934160"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 73, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714870994192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 74, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714870993360"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 75, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921379664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 76, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921379344"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 77, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032583376"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 78, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032586896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 79, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032624848"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 80, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868240144"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 81, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868240464"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 82, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034528592"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 83, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034524752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 84, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034526992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 85, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436786192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 86, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436787920"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 87, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868290384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 88, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868291664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 89, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440536656"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 90, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440538704"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 91, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714924061200"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 92, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714924061008"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 93, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714924060176"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 94, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032456784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 95, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866431312"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 96, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866430480"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 97, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866432976"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 98, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921655184"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 99, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921831632"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 100, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921832144"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 101, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714924015248"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 102, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714924016912"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 103, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714924015824"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 104, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866235024"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 105, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866236112"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 106, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866366480"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 107, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866366544"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 108, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866367376"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 109, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871129552"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 110, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871127504"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 111, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715452991312"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 112, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715453108752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 113, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714459293840"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 114, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714459570512"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 115, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714459900624"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 116, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714460171536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 117, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714460389200"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 118, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714460771792"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 119, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714461044368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 120, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714461270160"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 121, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715443222032"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 122, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715443222352"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 123, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714461369424"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 124, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440471440"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 125, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440472592"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 126, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440473744"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 127, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715443350096"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 128, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436534224"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 129, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436532048"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 130, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436573200"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 131, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436574480"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 132, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715023049808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 11, "data": "data12", "id": "el507715023048336"}], "sharey": [], "sharex": [], "axesbgalpha": null, "axes": [{"scale": "linear", "tickformat": null, "grid": {"gridOn": false}, "fontsize": 11.0, "position": "bottom", "nticks": 8, "tickvalues": null}, {"scale": "linear", "tickformat": null, "grid": {"gridOn": false}, "fontsize": 11.0, "position": "left", "nticks": 7, "tickvalues": null}], "lines": [{"color": "#FF0000", "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 2, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "linewidth": 3, "data": "data01", "id": "el507715032201616"}], "markers": [], "id": "el507714462203024", "ydomain": [0.0, 30.0], "collections": [], "xscale": "linear", "bbox": [0.125, 0.125, 0.77500000000000002, 0.77500000000000002]}], "height": 320.0, "width": 720.0, "plugins": [{"type": "reset"}, {"enabled": false, "button": true, "type": "zoom"}, {"enabled": false, "button": true, "type": "boxzoom"}], "data": {"data12": [[3.103625382360498, 0.0, 3.310533741184531, 3.517442100008564, 3.7243504588325975, 4.138167176480664, 5.17270897060083, 5.586525688248896, 6.207250764720996, 8.897059429433428, 10.966143017673758, 32.484612335373214], [3.310533741184531, 0.0, 3.517442100008564, 3.7243504588325975, 3.9312588176566305, 4.345075535304697, 5.379617329424863, 5.793434047072929, 6.414159123545029, 9.10396778825746, 11.173051376497792, 32.691520694197244], [3.310533741184531, 1.0, 3.517442100008564, 3.7243504588325975, 3.9312588176566305, 4.345075535304697, 5.379617329424863, 5.793434047072929, 6.414159123545029, 9.10396778825746, 11.173051376497792, 32.691520694197244], [3.103625382360498, 1.0, 3.310533741184531, 3.517442100008564, 3.7243504588325975, 4.138167176480664, 5.17270897060083, 5.586525688248896, 6.207250764720996, 8.897059429433428, 10.966143017673758, 32.484612335373214]], "data11": [[2.482900305888398, 0.0, 2.6898086647124315, 2.8967170235364645], [2.6898086647124315, 0.0, 2.8967170235364645, 3.103625382360498], [2.6898086647124315, 2.0, 2.8967170235364645, 3.103625382360498], [2.482900305888398, 2.0, 2.6898086647124315, 2.8967170235364645]], "data10": [[1.8621752294162988, 0.0, 2.069083588240332, 2.275991947064365], [2.069083588240332, 0.0, 2.275991947064365, 2.482900305888398], [2.069083588240332, 4.0, 2.275991947064365, 2.482900305888398], [1.8621752294162988, 4.0, 2.069083588240332, 2.275991947064365]], "data08": [[1.4483585117682323, 0.0], [1.6552668705922655, 0.0], [1.6552668705922655, 7.0], [1.4483585117682323, 7.0]], "data09": [[1.6552668705922655, 0.0], [1.8621752294162988, 0.0], [1.8621752294162988, 5.0], [1.6552668705922655, 5.0]], "data06": [[0.8276334352961328, 0.0], [1.034541794120166, 0.0], [1.034541794120166, 13.0], [0.8276334352961328, 13.0]], "data07": [[1.034541794120166, 0.0, 1.241450152944199], [1.241450152944199, 0.0, 1.4483585117682323], [1.241450152944199, 9.0, 1.4483585117682323], [1.034541794120166, 9.0, 1.241450152944199]], "data04": [[0.4138167176480664, 0.0], [0.6207250764720995, 0.0], [0.6207250764720995, 21.0], [0.4138167176480664, 21.0]], "data05": [[0.6207250764720995, 0.0], [0.8276334352961328, 0.0], [0.8276334352961328, 16.0], [0.6207250764720995, 16.0]], "data02": [[0.0, 0.0], [0.2069083588240332, 0.0], [0.2069083588240332, 23.0], [0.0, 23.0]], "data03": [[0.2069083588240332, 0.0], [0.4138167176480664, 0.0], [0.4138167176480664, 26.0], [0.2069083588240332, 26.0]], "data13": [[3.9312588176566305, 0.0, 4.345075535304697, 4.55198389412873, 4.758892252952763, 4.965800611776796, 5.379617329424863, 5.793434047072929, 6.000342405896962, 6.414159123545029, 6.621067482369062, 6.827975841193095, 7.034884200017128, 7.241792558841162, 7.448700917665195, 7.655609276489228, 7.862517635313261, 8.069425994137294, 8.276334352961328, 8.48324271178536, 8.690151070609394, 9.10396778825746, 9.310876147081494, 9.517784505905526, 9.72469286472956, 9.931601223553592, 10.138509582377626, 10.34541794120166, 10.552326300025692, 10.759234658849726, 11.173051376497792, 11.379959735321826, 11.586868094145858, 11.793776452969892, 12.000684811793924, 12.207593170617958, 12.414501529441992, 12.621409888266024, 12.828318247090058, 13.03522660591409, 13.242134964738124, 13.449043323562158, 13.65595168238619, 13.862860041210224, 14.069768400034256, 14.27667675885829, 14.483585117682324, 14.690493476506356, 14.89740183533039, 15.104310194154422, 15.311218552978456, 15.51812691180249, 15.725035270626522, 15.931943629450556, 16.138851988274588, 16.345760347098622, 16.552668705922656, 16.75957706474669, 16.96648542357072, 17.173393782394754, 17.380302141218788, 17.587210500042822, 17.794118858866856, 18.001027217690886, 18.20793557651492, 18.414843935338954, 18.621752294162988, 18.828660652987022, 19.035569011811052, 19.242477370635086, 19.44938572945912, 19.656294088283154, 19.863202447107184, 20.07011080593122, 20.277019164755252, 20.483927523579286, 20.69083588240332, 20.89774424122735, 21.104652600051384, 21.31156095887542, 21.518469317699452, 21.725377676523486, 21.932286035347516, 22.13919439417155, 22.346102752995584, 22.553011111819618, 22.759919470643652, 22.966827829467682, 23.173736188291716, 23.38064454711575, 23.587552905939784, 23.794461264763818, 24.00136962358785, 24.208277982411882, 24.415186341235916, 24.62209470005995, 24.829003058883984, 25.035911417708014, 25.24281977653205, 25.449728135356082, 25.656636494180116, 25.86354485300415, 26.07045321182818, 26.277361570652214, 26.48426992947625, 26.691178288300282, 26.898086647124316, 27.104995005948346, 27.31190336477238, 27.518811723596414, 27.725720082420448, 27.932628441244482, 28.139536800068512, 28.346445158892546, 28.55335351771658, 28.760261876540614, 28.967170235364648, 29.17407859418868, 29.380986953012712, 29.587895311836746, 29.79480367066078, 30.001712029484814, 30.208620388308844, 30.41552874713288, 30.622437105956912, 30.829345464780946, 31.03625382360498, 31.24316218242901, 31.450070541253044, 31.65697890007708, 31.863887258901112, 32.070795617725146, 32.277703976549176], [4.138167176480664, 0.0, 4.55198389412873, 4.758892252952763, 4.965800611776796, 5.17270897060083, 5.586525688248896, 6.000342405896962, 6.207250764720996, 6.621067482369062, 6.827975841193095, 7.034884200017128, 7.241792558841162, 7.448700917665195, 7.655609276489228, 7.862517635313261, 8.069425994137294, 8.276334352961328, 8.48324271178536, 8.690151070609394, 8.897059429433428, 9.310876147081494, 9.517784505905526, 9.72469286472956, 9.931601223553592, 10.138509582377626, 10.34541794120166, 10.552326300025692, 10.759234658849726, 10.966143017673758, 11.379959735321826, 11.586868094145858, 11.793776452969892, 12.000684811793924, 12.207593170617958, 12.414501529441992, 12.621409888266024, 12.828318247090058, 13.03522660591409, 13.242134964738124, 13.449043323562158, 13.65595168238619, 13.862860041210224, 14.069768400034256, 14.27667675885829, 14.483585117682324, 14.690493476506356, 14.89740183533039, 15.104310194154422, 15.311218552978456, 15.51812691180249, 15.725035270626522, 15.931943629450556, 16.138851988274588, 16.345760347098622, 16.552668705922656, 16.75957706474669, 16.96648542357072, 17.173393782394754, 17.380302141218788, 17.587210500042822, 17.794118858866856, 18.001027217690886, 18.20793557651492, 18.414843935338954, 18.621752294162988, 18.828660652987022, 19.035569011811052, 19.242477370635086, 19.44938572945912, 19.656294088283154, 19.863202447107184, 20.07011080593122, 20.277019164755252, 20.483927523579286, 20.69083588240332, 20.89774424122735, 21.104652600051384, 21.31156095887542, 21.518469317699452, 21.725377676523486, 21.932286035347516, 22.13919439417155, 22.346102752995584, 22.553011111819618, 22.759919470643652, 22.966827829467682, 23.173736188291716, 23.38064454711575, 23.587552905939784, 23.794461264763818, 24.00136962358785, 24.208277982411882, 24.415186341235916, 24.62209470005995, 24.829003058883984, 25.035911417708014, 25.24281977653205, 25.449728135356082, 25.656636494180116, 25.86354485300415, 26.07045321182818, 26.277361570652214, 26.48426992947625, 26.691178288300282, 26.898086647124316, 27.104995005948346, 27.31190336477238, 27.518811723596414, 27.725720082420448, 27.932628441244482, 28.139536800068512, 28.346445158892546, 28.55335351771658, 28.760261876540614, 28.967170235364648, 29.17407859418868, 29.380986953012712, 29.587895311836746, 29.79480367066078, 30.001712029484814, 30.208620388308844, 30.41552874713288, 30.622437105956912, 30.829345464780946, 31.03625382360498, 31.24316218242901, 31.450070541253044, 31.65697890007708, 31.863887258901112, 32.070795617725146, 32.277703976549176, 32.484612335373214], [4.138167176480664, 0.0, 4.55198389412873, 4.758892252952763, 4.965800611776796, 5.17270897060083, 5.586525688248896, 6.000342405896962, 6.207250764720996, 6.621067482369062, 6.827975841193095, 7.034884200017128, 7.241792558841162, 7.448700917665195, 7.655609276489228, 7.862517635313261, 8.069425994137294, 8.276334352961328, 8.48324271178536, 8.690151070609394, 8.897059429433428, 9.310876147081494, 9.517784505905526, 9.72469286472956, 9.931601223553592, 10.138509582377626, 10.34541794120166, 10.552326300025692, 10.759234658849726, 10.966143017673758, 11.379959735321826, 11.586868094145858, 11.793776452969892, 12.000684811793924, 12.207593170617958, 12.414501529441992, 12.621409888266024, 12.828318247090058, 13.03522660591409, 13.242134964738124, 13.449043323562158, 13.65595168238619, 13.862860041210224, 14.069768400034256, 14.27667675885829, 14.483585117682324, 14.690493476506356, 14.89740183533039, 15.104310194154422, 15.311218552978456, 15.51812691180249, 15.725035270626522, 15.931943629450556, 16.138851988274588, 16.345760347098622, 16.552668705922656, 16.75957706474669, 16.96648542357072, 17.173393782394754, 17.380302141218788, 17.587210500042822, 17.794118858866856, 18.001027217690886, 18.20793557651492, 18.414843935338954, 18.621752294162988, 18.828660652987022, 19.035569011811052, 19.242477370635086, 19.44938572945912, 19.656294088283154, 19.863202447107184, 20.07011080593122, 20.277019164755252, 20.483927523579286, 20.69083588240332, 20.89774424122735, 21.104652600051384, 21.31156095887542, 21.518469317699452, 21.725377676523486, 21.932286035347516, 22.13919439417155, 22.346102752995584, 22.553011111819618, 22.759919470643652, 22.966827829467682, 23.173736188291716, 23.38064454711575, 23.587552905939784, 23.794461264763818, 24.00136962358785, 24.208277982411882, 24.415186341235916, 24.62209470005995, 24.829003058883984, 25.035911417708014, 25.24281977653205, 25.449728135356082, 25.656636494180116, 25.86354485300415, 26.07045321182818, 26.277361570652214, 26.48426992947625, 26.691178288300282, 26.898086647124316, 27.104995005948346, 27.31190336477238, 27.518811723596414, 27.725720082420448, 27.932628441244482, 28.139536800068512, 28.346445158892546, 28.55335351771658, 28.760261876540614, 28.967170235364648, 29.17407859418868, 29.380986953012712, 29.587895311836746, 29.79480367066078, 30.001712029484814, 30.208620388308844, 30.41552874713288, 30.622437105956912, 30.829345464780946, 31.03625382360498, 31.24316218242901, 31.450070541253044, 31.65697890007708, 31.863887258901112, 32.070795617725146, 32.277703976549176, 32.484612335373214], [3.9312588176566305, 0.0, 4.345075535304697, 4.55198389412873, 4.758892252952763, 4.965800611776796, 5.379617329424863, 5.793434047072929, 6.000342405896962, 6.414159123545029, 6.621067482369062, 6.827975841193095, 7.034884200017128, 7.241792558841162, 7.448700917665195, 7.655609276489228, 7.862517635313261, 8.069425994137294, 8.276334352961328, 8.48324271178536, 8.690151070609394, 9.10396778825746, 9.310876147081494, 9.517784505905526, 9.72469286472956, 9.931601223553592, 10.138509582377626, 10.34541794120166, 10.552326300025692, 10.759234658849726, 11.173051376497792, 11.379959735321826, 11.586868094145858, 11.793776452969892, 12.000684811793924, 12.207593170617958, 12.414501529441992, 12.621409888266024, 12.828318247090058, 13.03522660591409, 13.242134964738124, 13.449043323562158, 13.65595168238619, 13.862860041210224, 14.069768400034256, 14.27667675885829, 14.483585117682324, 14.690493476506356, 14.89740183533039, 15.104310194154422, 15.311218552978456, 15.51812691180249, 15.725035270626522, 15.931943629450556, 16.138851988274588, 16.345760347098622, 16.552668705922656, 16.75957706474669, 16.96648542357072, 17.173393782394754, 17.380302141218788, 17.587210500042822, 17.794118858866856, 18.001027217690886, 18.20793557651492, 18.414843935338954, 18.621752294162988, 18.828660652987022, 19.035569011811052, 19.242477370635086, 19.44938572945912, 19.656294088283154, 19.863202447107184, 20.07011080593122, 20.277019164755252, 20.483927523579286, 20.69083588240332, 20.89774424122735, 21.104652600051384, 21.31156095887542, 21.518469317699452, 21.725377676523486, 21.932286035347516, 22.13919439417155, 22.346102752995584, 22.553011111819618, 22.759919470643652, 22.966827829467682, 23.173736188291716, 23.38064454711575, 23.587552905939784, 23.794461264763818, 24.00136962358785, 24.208277982411882, 24.415186341235916, 24.62209470005995, 24.829003058883984, 25.035911417708014, 25.24281977653205, 25.449728135356082, 25.656636494180116, 25.86354485300415, 26.07045321182818, 26.277361570652214, 26.48426992947625, 26.691178288300282, 26.898086647124316, 27.104995005948346, 27.31190336477238, 27.518811723596414, 27.725720082420448, 27.932628441244482, 28.139536800068512, 28.346445158892546, 28.55335351771658, 28.760261876540614, 28.967170235364648, 29.17407859418868, 29.380986953012712, 29.587895311836746, 29.79480367066078, 30.001712029484814, 30.208620388308844, 30.41552874713288, 30.622437105956912, 30.829345464780946, 31.03625382360498, 31.24316218242901, 31.450070541253044, 31.65697890007708, 31.863887258901112, 32.070795617725146, 32.277703976549176]], "data01": [[0.0, 17.1], [0.2069083588240332, 16.9], [0.4138167176480664, 12.1], [0.6207250764720995, 19.7], [0.8276334352961328, 12.3], [1.034541794120166, 9.6], [1.241450152944199, 9.1], [1.4483585117682323, 6.3], [1.6552668705922655, 6.2], [1.8621752294162988, 8.0], [2.069083588240332, 6.6], [2.275991947064365, 6.0], [2.482900305888398, 7.8], [2.6898086647124315, 5.2], [2.8967170235364645, 5.0], [3.103625382360498, 4.3], [3.310533741184531, 1.8], [3.517442100008564, 0.0], [3.7243504588325975, 0.0], [3.9312588176566305, 0.3], [4.138167176480664, 0.7], [4.345075535304697, 0.0], [4.55198389412873, 0.0], [4.758892252952763, 0.0], [4.965800611776796, 0.0], [5.17270897060083, 1.0], [5.379617329424863, 0.0], [5.586525688248896, 0.8], [5.793434047072929, 0.2], [6.000342405896962, 0.0], [6.207250764720996, 0.0], [6.414159123545029, 0.0], [6.621067482369062, 0.0], [6.827975841193095, 1.0], [7.034884200017128, 0.0], [7.241792558841162, 0.0], [7.448700917665195, 0.0], [7.655609276489228, 0.0], [7.862517635313261, 0.0], [8.069425994137294, 0.0], [8.276334352961328, 0.0], [8.48324271178536, 0.0], [8.690151070609394, 0.0], [8.897059429433428, 0.0], [9.10396778825746, 0.0], [9.310876147081494, 0.0], [9.517784505905526, 0.0], [9.72469286472956, 0.0], [9.931601223553592, 0.0], [10.138509582377626, 0.0], [10.34541794120166, 0.0], [10.552326300025692, 0.0], [10.759234658849726, 0.0], [10.966143017673758, 0.0], [11.173051376497792, 0.0], [11.379959735321826, 0.0], [11.586868094145858, 0.0], [11.793776452969892, 0.0], [12.000684811793924, 0.0], [12.207593170617958, 0.0], [12.414501529441992, 0.0], [12.621409888266024, 0.0], [12.828318247090058, 0.0], [13.03522660591409, 0.0], [13.242134964738124, 0.0], [13.449043323562158, 0.0], [13.65595168238619, 0.0], [13.862860041210224, 0.0], [14.069768400034256, 0.0], [14.27667675885829, 0.0], [14.483585117682324, 0.0], [14.690493476506356, 0.0], [14.89740183533039, 0.0], [15.104310194154422, 0.0], [15.311218552978456, 0.0], [15.51812691180249, 0.0], [15.725035270626522, 0.0], [15.931943629450556, 0.0], [16.138851988274588, 0.0], [16.345760347098622, 0.0], [16.552668705922656, 0.0], [16.75957706474669, 0.0], [16.96648542357072, 0.0], [17.173393782394754, 0.0], [17.380302141218788, 0.0], [17.587210500042822, 0.0], [17.794118858866856, 0.0], [18.001027217690886, 0.0], [18.20793557651492, 0.0], [18.414843935338954, 0.0], [18.621752294162988, 0.0], [18.828660652987022, 0.0], [19.035569011811052, 0.0], [19.242477370635086, 0.0], [19.44938572945912, 0.0], [19.656294088283154, 0.0], [19.863202447107184, 0.0], [20.07011080593122, 0.0], [20.277019164755252, 0.0], [20.483927523579286, 0.0], [20.69083588240332, 0.0], [20.89774424122735, 0.0], [21.104652600051384, 0.0], [21.31156095887542, 0.0], [21.518469317699452, 0.0], [21.725377676523486, 0.0], [21.932286035347516, 0.0], [22.13919439417155, 0.0], [22.346102752995584, 0.0], [22.553011111819618, 0.0], [22.759919470643652, 0.0], [22.966827829467682, 0.0], [23.173736188291716, 0.0], [23.38064454711575, 0.0], [23.587552905939784, 0.0], [23.794461264763818, 0.0], [24.00136962358785, 0.0], [24.208277982411882, 0.0], [24.415186341235916, 0.0], [24.62209470005995, 0.0], [24.829003058883984, 0.0], [25.035911417708014, 0.0], [25.24281977653205, 0.0], [25.449728135356082, 0.0], [25.656636494180116, 0.0], [25.86354485300415, 0.0], [26.07045321182818, 0.0], [26.277361570652214, 0.0], [26.48426992947625, 0.0], [26.691178288300282, 0.0], [26.898086647124316, 0.0], [27.104995005948346, 0.0], [27.31190336477238, 0.0], [27.518811723596414, 0.0], [27.725720082420448, 0.0], [27.932628441244482, 0.0], [28.139536800068512, 0.0], [28.346445158892546, 0.0], [28.55335351771658, 0.0], [28.760261876540614, 0.0], [28.967170235364648, 0.0], [29.17407859418868, 0.0], [29.380986953012712, 0.0], [29.587895311836746, 0.0], [29.79480367066078, 0.0], [30.001712029484814, 0.0], [30.208620388308844, 0.0], [30.41552874713288, 0.0], [30.622437105956912, 0.0], [30.829345464780946, 0.0], [31.03625382360498, 0.0], [31.24316218242901, 0.0], [31.450070541253044, 0.0], [31.65697890007708, 0.0], [31.863887258901112, 0.0], [32.070795617725146, 0.0], [32.277703976549176, 0.0], [32.484612335373214, 0.0]]}, "id": "el507715032198224"});
       }(mpld3);
    }else if(typeof define === "function" && define.amd){
       // require.js is available: use it to load d3/mpld3
       require.config({paths: {d3: "https://mpld3.github.io/js/d3.v3.min"}});
       require(["d3"], function(d3){
          window.d3 = d3;
          mpld3_load_lib("https://mpld3.github.io/js/mpld3.v0.2.js", function(){
             
             mpld3.draw_figure("fig_el5077150321982244267779937", {"axes": [{"xlim": [0.0, 35.0], "yscale": "linear", "axesbg": "none", "texts": [{"v_baseline": "hanging", "h_anchor": "middle", "color": "#000000", "text": "Eigenvalues", "coordinates": "axes", "zorder": 3, "alpha": 1, "fontsize": 18.0, "position": [0.5, -0.092741935483870969], "rotation": -0.0, "id": "el507715436441296"}, {"v_baseline": "auto", "h_anchor": "middle", "color": "#000000", "text": "Numbers", "coordinates": "axes", "zorder": 3, "alpha": 1, "fontsize": 18.0, "position": [-0.042618727598566303, 0.5], "rotation": -90.0, "id": "el507715440883408"}], "zoomable": true, "images": [], "xdomain": [0.0, 35.0], "ylim": [0.0, 30.0], "paths": [{"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data02", "id": "el507714869219152"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data03", "id": "el507714869221456"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data04", "id": "el507715440714832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data05", "id": "el507715440713168"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data06", "id": "el507714868401104"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data07", "id": "el507714868400784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data07", "id": "el507715440898064"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data08", "id": "el507715440897808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data09", "id": "el507715023124944"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data10", "id": "el507715023123920"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data10", "id": "el507715023122832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data10", "id": "el507714865841808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data11", "id": "el507714865842704"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data11", "id": "el507714870765584"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data11", "id": "el507714870765968"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data12", "id": "el507714866082576"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data12", "id": "el507714866081040"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data12", "id": "el507714866083024"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data12", "id": "el507715023253072"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715023253392"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 5, "data": "data12", "id": "el507714866142480"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866142608"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921601360"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921601488"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 5, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714302525072"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 6, "data": "data12", "id": "el507715436184720"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 6, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436090896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 7, "data": "data12", "id": "el507715436090448"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 7, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440606160"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 8, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440603088"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 8, "data": "data12", "id": "el507715436284240"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 9, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436472784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 10, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436397840"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 11, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436366352"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 12, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032106832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 13, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440884432"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 14, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436284752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 15, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034484496"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 16, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034485008"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 17, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715443164048"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 18, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715443165712"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 19, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921564880"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 20, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921562128"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 9, "data": "data12", "id": "el507714921564688"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 21, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714423801232"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 22, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436649552"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 23, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436651984"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 24, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436629648"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 25, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436632912"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 26, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032504656"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 27, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032502544"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 28, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032546192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 29, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032545040"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 10, "data": "data12", "id": "el507714923879952"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 30, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714923882320"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 31, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871394576"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 32, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871395344"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 33, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871394896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 34, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921899536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 35, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921898384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 36, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871593296"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 37, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871593232"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 38, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871637904"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 39, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871637136"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 40, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871546832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 41, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871546384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 42, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034816592"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 43, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034816080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 44, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034819536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 45, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440524624"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 46, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440526928"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 47, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034899344"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 48, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034899664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 49, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034901328"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 50, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436332176"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 51, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436330896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 52, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868173904"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 53, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868176016"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 54, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714923852368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 55, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714923852688"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 56, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868134800"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 57, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868133840"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 58, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715023316368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 59, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715023314832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 60, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034839568"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 61, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034838992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 62, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034641552"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 63, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034639440"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 64, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034914640"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 65, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034917136"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 66, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034915920"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 67, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868071120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 68, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868070160"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 69, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715443212240"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 70, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034933904"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 71, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034930448"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 72, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034934160"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 73, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714870994192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 74, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714870993360"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 75, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921379664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 76, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921379344"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 77, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032583376"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 78, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032586896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 79, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032624848"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 80, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868240144"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 81, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868240464"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 82, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034528592"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 83, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034524752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 84, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034526992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 85, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436786192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 86, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436787920"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 87, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868290384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 88, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868291664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 89, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440536656"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 90, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440538704"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 91, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714924061200"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 92, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714924061008"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 93, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714924060176"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 94, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032456784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 95, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866431312"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 96, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866430480"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 97, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866432976"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 98, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921655184"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 99, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921831632"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 100, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921832144"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 101, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714924015248"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 102, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714924016912"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 103, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714924015824"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 104, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866235024"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 105, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866236112"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 106, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866366480"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 107, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866366544"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 108, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866367376"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 109, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871129552"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 110, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871127504"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 111, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715452991312"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 112, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715453108752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 113, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714459293840"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 114, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714459570512"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 115, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714459900624"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 116, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714460171536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 117, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714460389200"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 118, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714460771792"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 119, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714461044368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 120, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714461270160"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 121, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715443222032"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 122, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715443222352"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 123, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714461369424"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 124, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440471440"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 125, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440472592"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 126, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440473744"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 127, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715443350096"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 128, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436534224"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 129, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436532048"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 130, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436573200"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 131, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436574480"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 132, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715023049808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 11, "data": "data12", "id": "el507715023048336"}], "sharey": [], "sharex": [], "axesbgalpha": null, "axes": [{"scale": "linear", "tickformat": null, "grid": {"gridOn": false}, "fontsize": 11.0, "position": "bottom", "nticks": 8, "tickvalues": null}, {"scale": "linear", "tickformat": null, "grid": {"gridOn": false}, "fontsize": 11.0, "position": "left", "nticks": 7, "tickvalues": null}], "lines": [{"color": "#FF0000", "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 2, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "linewidth": 3, "data": "data01", "id": "el507715032201616"}], "markers": [], "id": "el507714462203024", "ydomain": [0.0, 30.0], "collections": [], "xscale": "linear", "bbox": [0.125, 0.125, 0.77500000000000002, 0.77500000000000002]}], "height": 320.0, "width": 720.0, "plugins": [{"type": "reset"}, {"enabled": false, "button": true, "type": "zoom"}, {"enabled": false, "button": true, "type": "boxzoom"}], "data": {"data12": [[3.103625382360498, 0.0, 3.310533741184531, 3.517442100008564, 3.7243504588325975, 4.138167176480664, 5.17270897060083, 5.586525688248896, 6.207250764720996, 8.897059429433428, 10.966143017673758, 32.484612335373214], [3.310533741184531, 0.0, 3.517442100008564, 3.7243504588325975, 3.9312588176566305, 4.345075535304697, 5.379617329424863, 5.793434047072929, 6.414159123545029, 9.10396778825746, 11.173051376497792, 32.691520694197244], [3.310533741184531, 1.0, 3.517442100008564, 3.7243504588325975, 3.9312588176566305, 4.345075535304697, 5.379617329424863, 5.793434047072929, 6.414159123545029, 9.10396778825746, 11.173051376497792, 32.691520694197244], [3.103625382360498, 1.0, 3.310533741184531, 3.517442100008564, 3.7243504588325975, 4.138167176480664, 5.17270897060083, 5.586525688248896, 6.207250764720996, 8.897059429433428, 10.966143017673758, 32.484612335373214]], "data11": [[2.482900305888398, 0.0, 2.6898086647124315, 2.8967170235364645], [2.6898086647124315, 0.0, 2.8967170235364645, 3.103625382360498], [2.6898086647124315, 2.0, 2.8967170235364645, 3.103625382360498], [2.482900305888398, 2.0, 2.6898086647124315, 2.8967170235364645]], "data10": [[1.8621752294162988, 0.0, 2.069083588240332, 2.275991947064365], [2.069083588240332, 0.0, 2.275991947064365, 2.482900305888398], [2.069083588240332, 4.0, 2.275991947064365, 2.482900305888398], [1.8621752294162988, 4.0, 2.069083588240332, 2.275991947064365]], "data08": [[1.4483585117682323, 0.0], [1.6552668705922655, 0.0], [1.6552668705922655, 7.0], [1.4483585117682323, 7.0]], "data09": [[1.6552668705922655, 0.0], [1.8621752294162988, 0.0], [1.8621752294162988, 5.0], [1.6552668705922655, 5.0]], "data06": [[0.8276334352961328, 0.0], [1.034541794120166, 0.0], [1.034541794120166, 13.0], [0.8276334352961328, 13.0]], "data07": [[1.034541794120166, 0.0, 1.241450152944199], [1.241450152944199, 0.0, 1.4483585117682323], [1.241450152944199, 9.0, 1.4483585117682323], [1.034541794120166, 9.0, 1.241450152944199]], "data04": [[0.4138167176480664, 0.0], [0.6207250764720995, 0.0], [0.6207250764720995, 21.0], [0.4138167176480664, 21.0]], "data05": [[0.6207250764720995, 0.0], [0.8276334352961328, 0.0], [0.8276334352961328, 16.0], [0.6207250764720995, 16.0]], "data02": [[0.0, 0.0], [0.2069083588240332, 0.0], [0.2069083588240332, 23.0], [0.0, 23.0]], "data03": [[0.2069083588240332, 0.0], [0.4138167176480664, 0.0], [0.4138167176480664, 26.0], [0.2069083588240332, 26.0]], "data13": [[3.9312588176566305, 0.0, 4.345075535304697, 4.55198389412873, 4.758892252952763, 4.965800611776796, 5.379617329424863, 5.793434047072929, 6.000342405896962, 6.414159123545029, 6.621067482369062, 6.827975841193095, 7.034884200017128, 7.241792558841162, 7.448700917665195, 7.655609276489228, 7.862517635313261, 8.069425994137294, 8.276334352961328, 8.48324271178536, 8.690151070609394, 9.10396778825746, 9.310876147081494, 9.517784505905526, 9.72469286472956, 9.931601223553592, 10.138509582377626, 10.34541794120166, 10.552326300025692, 10.759234658849726, 11.173051376497792, 11.379959735321826, 11.586868094145858, 11.793776452969892, 12.000684811793924, 12.207593170617958, 12.414501529441992, 12.621409888266024, 12.828318247090058, 13.03522660591409, 13.242134964738124, 13.449043323562158, 13.65595168238619, 13.862860041210224, 14.069768400034256, 14.27667675885829, 14.483585117682324, 14.690493476506356, 14.89740183533039, 15.104310194154422, 15.311218552978456, 15.51812691180249, 15.725035270626522, 15.931943629450556, 16.138851988274588, 16.345760347098622, 16.552668705922656, 16.75957706474669, 16.96648542357072, 17.173393782394754, 17.380302141218788, 17.587210500042822, 17.794118858866856, 18.001027217690886, 18.20793557651492, 18.414843935338954, 18.621752294162988, 18.828660652987022, 19.035569011811052, 19.242477370635086, 19.44938572945912, 19.656294088283154, 19.863202447107184, 20.07011080593122, 20.277019164755252, 20.483927523579286, 20.69083588240332, 20.89774424122735, 21.104652600051384, 21.31156095887542, 21.518469317699452, 21.725377676523486, 21.932286035347516, 22.13919439417155, 22.346102752995584, 22.553011111819618, 22.759919470643652, 22.966827829467682, 23.173736188291716, 23.38064454711575, 23.587552905939784, 23.794461264763818, 24.00136962358785, 24.208277982411882, 24.415186341235916, 24.62209470005995, 24.829003058883984, 25.035911417708014, 25.24281977653205, 25.449728135356082, 25.656636494180116, 25.86354485300415, 26.07045321182818, 26.277361570652214, 26.48426992947625, 26.691178288300282, 26.898086647124316, 27.104995005948346, 27.31190336477238, 27.518811723596414, 27.725720082420448, 27.932628441244482, 28.139536800068512, 28.346445158892546, 28.55335351771658, 28.760261876540614, 28.967170235364648, 29.17407859418868, 29.380986953012712, 29.587895311836746, 29.79480367066078, 30.001712029484814, 30.208620388308844, 30.41552874713288, 30.622437105956912, 30.829345464780946, 31.03625382360498, 31.24316218242901, 31.450070541253044, 31.65697890007708, 31.863887258901112, 32.070795617725146, 32.277703976549176], [4.138167176480664, 0.0, 4.55198389412873, 4.758892252952763, 4.965800611776796, 5.17270897060083, 5.586525688248896, 6.000342405896962, 6.207250764720996, 6.621067482369062, 6.827975841193095, 7.034884200017128, 7.241792558841162, 7.448700917665195, 7.655609276489228, 7.862517635313261, 8.069425994137294, 8.276334352961328, 8.48324271178536, 8.690151070609394, 8.897059429433428, 9.310876147081494, 9.517784505905526, 9.72469286472956, 9.931601223553592, 10.138509582377626, 10.34541794120166, 10.552326300025692, 10.759234658849726, 10.966143017673758, 11.379959735321826, 11.586868094145858, 11.793776452969892, 12.000684811793924, 12.207593170617958, 12.414501529441992, 12.621409888266024, 12.828318247090058, 13.03522660591409, 13.242134964738124, 13.449043323562158, 13.65595168238619, 13.862860041210224, 14.069768400034256, 14.27667675885829, 14.483585117682324, 14.690493476506356, 14.89740183533039, 15.104310194154422, 15.311218552978456, 15.51812691180249, 15.725035270626522, 15.931943629450556, 16.138851988274588, 16.345760347098622, 16.552668705922656, 16.75957706474669, 16.96648542357072, 17.173393782394754, 17.380302141218788, 17.587210500042822, 17.794118858866856, 18.001027217690886, 18.20793557651492, 18.414843935338954, 18.621752294162988, 18.828660652987022, 19.035569011811052, 19.242477370635086, 19.44938572945912, 19.656294088283154, 19.863202447107184, 20.07011080593122, 20.277019164755252, 20.483927523579286, 20.69083588240332, 20.89774424122735, 21.104652600051384, 21.31156095887542, 21.518469317699452, 21.725377676523486, 21.932286035347516, 22.13919439417155, 22.346102752995584, 22.553011111819618, 22.759919470643652, 22.966827829467682, 23.173736188291716, 23.38064454711575, 23.587552905939784, 23.794461264763818, 24.00136962358785, 24.208277982411882, 24.415186341235916, 24.62209470005995, 24.829003058883984, 25.035911417708014, 25.24281977653205, 25.449728135356082, 25.656636494180116, 25.86354485300415, 26.07045321182818, 26.277361570652214, 26.48426992947625, 26.691178288300282, 26.898086647124316, 27.104995005948346, 27.31190336477238, 27.518811723596414, 27.725720082420448, 27.932628441244482, 28.139536800068512, 28.346445158892546, 28.55335351771658, 28.760261876540614, 28.967170235364648, 29.17407859418868, 29.380986953012712, 29.587895311836746, 29.79480367066078, 30.001712029484814, 30.208620388308844, 30.41552874713288, 30.622437105956912, 30.829345464780946, 31.03625382360498, 31.24316218242901, 31.450070541253044, 31.65697890007708, 31.863887258901112, 32.070795617725146, 32.277703976549176, 32.484612335373214], [4.138167176480664, 0.0, 4.55198389412873, 4.758892252952763, 4.965800611776796, 5.17270897060083, 5.586525688248896, 6.000342405896962, 6.207250764720996, 6.621067482369062, 6.827975841193095, 7.034884200017128, 7.241792558841162, 7.448700917665195, 7.655609276489228, 7.862517635313261, 8.069425994137294, 8.276334352961328, 8.48324271178536, 8.690151070609394, 8.897059429433428, 9.310876147081494, 9.517784505905526, 9.72469286472956, 9.931601223553592, 10.138509582377626, 10.34541794120166, 10.552326300025692, 10.759234658849726, 10.966143017673758, 11.379959735321826, 11.586868094145858, 11.793776452969892, 12.000684811793924, 12.207593170617958, 12.414501529441992, 12.621409888266024, 12.828318247090058, 13.03522660591409, 13.242134964738124, 13.449043323562158, 13.65595168238619, 13.862860041210224, 14.069768400034256, 14.27667675885829, 14.483585117682324, 14.690493476506356, 14.89740183533039, 15.104310194154422, 15.311218552978456, 15.51812691180249, 15.725035270626522, 15.931943629450556, 16.138851988274588, 16.345760347098622, 16.552668705922656, 16.75957706474669, 16.96648542357072, 17.173393782394754, 17.380302141218788, 17.587210500042822, 17.794118858866856, 18.001027217690886, 18.20793557651492, 18.414843935338954, 18.621752294162988, 18.828660652987022, 19.035569011811052, 19.242477370635086, 19.44938572945912, 19.656294088283154, 19.863202447107184, 20.07011080593122, 20.277019164755252, 20.483927523579286, 20.69083588240332, 20.89774424122735, 21.104652600051384, 21.31156095887542, 21.518469317699452, 21.725377676523486, 21.932286035347516, 22.13919439417155, 22.346102752995584, 22.553011111819618, 22.759919470643652, 22.966827829467682, 23.173736188291716, 23.38064454711575, 23.587552905939784, 23.794461264763818, 24.00136962358785, 24.208277982411882, 24.415186341235916, 24.62209470005995, 24.829003058883984, 25.035911417708014, 25.24281977653205, 25.449728135356082, 25.656636494180116, 25.86354485300415, 26.07045321182818, 26.277361570652214, 26.48426992947625, 26.691178288300282, 26.898086647124316, 27.104995005948346, 27.31190336477238, 27.518811723596414, 27.725720082420448, 27.932628441244482, 28.139536800068512, 28.346445158892546, 28.55335351771658, 28.760261876540614, 28.967170235364648, 29.17407859418868, 29.380986953012712, 29.587895311836746, 29.79480367066078, 30.001712029484814, 30.208620388308844, 30.41552874713288, 30.622437105956912, 30.829345464780946, 31.03625382360498, 31.24316218242901, 31.450070541253044, 31.65697890007708, 31.863887258901112, 32.070795617725146, 32.277703976549176, 32.484612335373214], [3.9312588176566305, 0.0, 4.345075535304697, 4.55198389412873, 4.758892252952763, 4.965800611776796, 5.379617329424863, 5.793434047072929, 6.000342405896962, 6.414159123545029, 6.621067482369062, 6.827975841193095, 7.034884200017128, 7.241792558841162, 7.448700917665195, 7.655609276489228, 7.862517635313261, 8.069425994137294, 8.276334352961328, 8.48324271178536, 8.690151070609394, 9.10396778825746, 9.310876147081494, 9.517784505905526, 9.72469286472956, 9.931601223553592, 10.138509582377626, 10.34541794120166, 10.552326300025692, 10.759234658849726, 11.173051376497792, 11.379959735321826, 11.586868094145858, 11.793776452969892, 12.000684811793924, 12.207593170617958, 12.414501529441992, 12.621409888266024, 12.828318247090058, 13.03522660591409, 13.242134964738124, 13.449043323562158, 13.65595168238619, 13.862860041210224, 14.069768400034256, 14.27667675885829, 14.483585117682324, 14.690493476506356, 14.89740183533039, 15.104310194154422, 15.311218552978456, 15.51812691180249, 15.725035270626522, 15.931943629450556, 16.138851988274588, 16.345760347098622, 16.552668705922656, 16.75957706474669, 16.96648542357072, 17.173393782394754, 17.380302141218788, 17.587210500042822, 17.794118858866856, 18.001027217690886, 18.20793557651492, 18.414843935338954, 18.621752294162988, 18.828660652987022, 19.035569011811052, 19.242477370635086, 19.44938572945912, 19.656294088283154, 19.863202447107184, 20.07011080593122, 20.277019164755252, 20.483927523579286, 20.69083588240332, 20.89774424122735, 21.104652600051384, 21.31156095887542, 21.518469317699452, 21.725377676523486, 21.932286035347516, 22.13919439417155, 22.346102752995584, 22.553011111819618, 22.759919470643652, 22.966827829467682, 23.173736188291716, 23.38064454711575, 23.587552905939784, 23.794461264763818, 24.00136962358785, 24.208277982411882, 24.415186341235916, 24.62209470005995, 24.829003058883984, 25.035911417708014, 25.24281977653205, 25.449728135356082, 25.656636494180116, 25.86354485300415, 26.07045321182818, 26.277361570652214, 26.48426992947625, 26.691178288300282, 26.898086647124316, 27.104995005948346, 27.31190336477238, 27.518811723596414, 27.725720082420448, 27.932628441244482, 28.139536800068512, 28.346445158892546, 28.55335351771658, 28.760261876540614, 28.967170235364648, 29.17407859418868, 29.380986953012712, 29.587895311836746, 29.79480367066078, 30.001712029484814, 30.208620388308844, 30.41552874713288, 30.622437105956912, 30.829345464780946, 31.03625382360498, 31.24316218242901, 31.450070541253044, 31.65697890007708, 31.863887258901112, 32.070795617725146, 32.277703976549176]], "data01": [[0.0, 17.1], [0.2069083588240332, 16.9], [0.4138167176480664, 12.1], [0.6207250764720995, 19.7], [0.8276334352961328, 12.3], [1.034541794120166, 9.6], [1.241450152944199, 9.1], [1.4483585117682323, 6.3], [1.6552668705922655, 6.2], [1.8621752294162988, 8.0], [2.069083588240332, 6.6], [2.275991947064365, 6.0], [2.482900305888398, 7.8], [2.6898086647124315, 5.2], [2.8967170235364645, 5.0], [3.103625382360498, 4.3], [3.310533741184531, 1.8], [3.517442100008564, 0.0], [3.7243504588325975, 0.0], [3.9312588176566305, 0.3], [4.138167176480664, 0.7], [4.345075535304697, 0.0], [4.55198389412873, 0.0], [4.758892252952763, 0.0], [4.965800611776796, 0.0], [5.17270897060083, 1.0], [5.379617329424863, 0.0], [5.586525688248896, 0.8], [5.793434047072929, 0.2], [6.000342405896962, 0.0], [6.207250764720996, 0.0], [6.414159123545029, 0.0], [6.621067482369062, 0.0], [6.827975841193095, 1.0], [7.034884200017128, 0.0], [7.241792558841162, 0.0], [7.448700917665195, 0.0], [7.655609276489228, 0.0], [7.862517635313261, 0.0], [8.069425994137294, 0.0], [8.276334352961328, 0.0], [8.48324271178536, 0.0], [8.690151070609394, 0.0], [8.897059429433428, 0.0], [9.10396778825746, 0.0], [9.310876147081494, 0.0], [9.517784505905526, 0.0], [9.72469286472956, 0.0], [9.931601223553592, 0.0], [10.138509582377626, 0.0], [10.34541794120166, 0.0], [10.552326300025692, 0.0], [10.759234658849726, 0.0], [10.966143017673758, 0.0], [11.173051376497792, 0.0], [11.379959735321826, 0.0], [11.586868094145858, 0.0], [11.793776452969892, 0.0], [12.000684811793924, 0.0], [12.207593170617958, 0.0], [12.414501529441992, 0.0], [12.621409888266024, 0.0], [12.828318247090058, 0.0], [13.03522660591409, 0.0], [13.242134964738124, 0.0], [13.449043323562158, 0.0], [13.65595168238619, 0.0], [13.862860041210224, 0.0], [14.069768400034256, 0.0], [14.27667675885829, 0.0], [14.483585117682324, 0.0], [14.690493476506356, 0.0], [14.89740183533039, 0.0], [15.104310194154422, 0.0], [15.311218552978456, 0.0], [15.51812691180249, 0.0], [15.725035270626522, 0.0], [15.931943629450556, 0.0], [16.138851988274588, 0.0], [16.345760347098622, 0.0], [16.552668705922656, 0.0], [16.75957706474669, 0.0], [16.96648542357072, 0.0], [17.173393782394754, 0.0], [17.380302141218788, 0.0], [17.587210500042822, 0.0], [17.794118858866856, 0.0], [18.001027217690886, 0.0], [18.20793557651492, 0.0], [18.414843935338954, 0.0], [18.621752294162988, 0.0], [18.828660652987022, 0.0], [19.035569011811052, 0.0], [19.242477370635086, 0.0], [19.44938572945912, 0.0], [19.656294088283154, 0.0], [19.863202447107184, 0.0], [20.07011080593122, 0.0], [20.277019164755252, 0.0], [20.483927523579286, 0.0], [20.69083588240332, 0.0], [20.89774424122735, 0.0], [21.104652600051384, 0.0], [21.31156095887542, 0.0], [21.518469317699452, 0.0], [21.725377676523486, 0.0], [21.932286035347516, 0.0], [22.13919439417155, 0.0], [22.346102752995584, 0.0], [22.553011111819618, 0.0], [22.759919470643652, 0.0], [22.966827829467682, 0.0], [23.173736188291716, 0.0], [23.38064454711575, 0.0], [23.587552905939784, 0.0], [23.794461264763818, 0.0], [24.00136962358785, 0.0], [24.208277982411882, 0.0], [24.415186341235916, 0.0], [24.62209470005995, 0.0], [24.829003058883984, 0.0], [25.035911417708014, 0.0], [25.24281977653205, 0.0], [25.449728135356082, 0.0], [25.656636494180116, 0.0], [25.86354485300415, 0.0], [26.07045321182818, 0.0], [26.277361570652214, 0.0], [26.48426992947625, 0.0], [26.691178288300282, 0.0], [26.898086647124316, 0.0], [27.104995005948346, 0.0], [27.31190336477238, 0.0], [27.518811723596414, 0.0], [27.725720082420448, 0.0], [27.932628441244482, 0.0], [28.139536800068512, 0.0], [28.346445158892546, 0.0], [28.55335351771658, 0.0], [28.760261876540614, 0.0], [28.967170235364648, 0.0], [29.17407859418868, 0.0], [29.380986953012712, 0.0], [29.587895311836746, 0.0], [29.79480367066078, 0.0], [30.001712029484814, 0.0], [30.208620388308844, 0.0], [30.41552874713288, 0.0], [30.622437105956912, 0.0], [30.829345464780946, 0.0], [31.03625382360498, 0.0], [31.24316218242901, 0.0], [31.450070541253044, 0.0], [31.65697890007708, 0.0], [31.863887258901112, 0.0], [32.070795617725146, 0.0], [32.277703976549176, 0.0], [32.484612335373214, 0.0]]}, "id": "el507715032198224"});
          });
        });
    }else{
        // require.js not available: dynamically load d3 & mpld3
        mpld3_load_lib("https://mpld3.github.io/js/d3.v3.min.js", function(){
             mpld3_load_lib("https://mpld3.github.io/js/mpld3.v0.2.js", function(){
                     
                     mpld3.draw_figure("fig_el5077150321982244267779937", {"axes": [{"xlim": [0.0, 35.0], "yscale": "linear", "axesbg": "none", "texts": [{"v_baseline": "hanging", "h_anchor": "middle", "color": "#000000", "text": "Eigenvalues", "coordinates": "axes", "zorder": 3, "alpha": 1, "fontsize": 18.0, "position": [0.5, -0.092741935483870969], "rotation": -0.0, "id": "el507715436441296"}, {"v_baseline": "auto", "h_anchor": "middle", "color": "#000000", "text": "Numbers", "coordinates": "axes", "zorder": 3, "alpha": 1, "fontsize": 18.0, "position": [-0.042618727598566303, 0.5], "rotation": -90.0, "id": "el507715440883408"}], "zoomable": true, "images": [], "xdomain": [0.0, 35.0], "ylim": [0.0, 30.0], "paths": [{"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data02", "id": "el507714869219152"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data03", "id": "el507714869221456"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data04", "id": "el507715440714832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data05", "id": "el507715440713168"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data06", "id": "el507714868401104"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data07", "id": "el507714868400784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data07", "id": "el507715440898064"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data08", "id": "el507715440897808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data09", "id": "el507715023124944"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data10", "id": "el507715023123920"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data10", "id": "el507715023122832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data10", "id": "el507714865841808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data11", "id": "el507714865842704"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data11", "id": "el507714870765584"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data11", "id": "el507714870765968"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data12", "id": "el507714866082576"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data12", "id": "el507714866081040"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data12", "id": "el507714866083024"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data12", "id": "el507715023253072"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715023253392"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 5, "data": "data12", "id": "el507714866142480"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 2, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866142608"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 3, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921601360"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 4, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921601488"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 5, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714302525072"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 6, "data": "data12", "id": "el507715436184720"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 6, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436090896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 7, "data": "data12", "id": "el507715436090448"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 7, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440606160"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 8, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440603088"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 8, "data": "data12", "id": "el507715436284240"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 9, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436472784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 10, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436397840"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 11, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436366352"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 12, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032106832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 13, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440884432"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 14, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436284752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 15, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034484496"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 16, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034485008"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 17, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715443164048"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 18, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715443165712"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 19, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921564880"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 20, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921562128"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 9, "data": "data12", "id": "el507714921564688"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 21, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714423801232"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 22, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436649552"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 23, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436651984"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 24, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436629648"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 25, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436632912"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 26, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032504656"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 27, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032502544"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 28, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032546192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 29, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032545040"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 10, "data": "data12", "id": "el507714923879952"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 30, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714923882320"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 31, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871394576"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 32, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871395344"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 33, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871394896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 34, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921899536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 35, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921898384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 36, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871593296"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 37, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871593232"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 38, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871637904"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 39, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871637136"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 40, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871546832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 41, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871546384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 42, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034816592"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 43, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034816080"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 44, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034819536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 45, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440524624"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 46, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440526928"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 47, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034899344"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 48, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034899664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 49, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034901328"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 50, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436332176"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 51, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436330896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 52, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868173904"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 53, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868176016"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 54, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714923852368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 55, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714923852688"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 56, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868134800"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 57, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868133840"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 58, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715023316368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 59, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715023314832"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 60, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034839568"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 61, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034838992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 62, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034641552"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 63, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034639440"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 64, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034914640"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 65, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034917136"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 66, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034915920"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 67, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868071120"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 68, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868070160"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 69, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715443212240"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 70, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034933904"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 71, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034930448"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 72, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034934160"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 73, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714870994192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 74, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714870993360"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 75, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921379664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 76, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921379344"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 77, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032583376"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 78, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032586896"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 79, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032624848"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 80, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868240144"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 81, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868240464"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 82, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034528592"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 83, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034524752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 84, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715034526992"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 85, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436786192"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 86, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436787920"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 87, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868290384"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 88, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714868291664"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 89, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440536656"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 90, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440538704"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 91, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714924061200"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 92, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714924061008"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 93, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714924060176"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 94, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715032456784"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 95, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866431312"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 96, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866430480"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 97, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866432976"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 98, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921655184"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 99, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921831632"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 100, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714921832144"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 101, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714924015248"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 102, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714924016912"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 103, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714924015824"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 104, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866235024"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 105, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866236112"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 106, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866366480"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 107, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866366544"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 108, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714866367376"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 109, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871129552"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 110, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714871127504"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 111, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715452991312"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 112, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715453108752"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 113, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714459293840"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 114, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714459570512"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 115, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714459900624"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 116, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714460171536"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 117, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714460389200"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 118, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714460771792"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 119, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714461044368"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 120, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714461270160"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 121, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715443222032"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 122, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715443222352"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 123, "data": "data13", "id": "el507714461369424"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 124, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440471440"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 125, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440472592"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 126, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715440473744"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 127, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715443350096"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 128, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436534224"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 129, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436532048"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 130, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436573200"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 131, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715436574480"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 132, "data": "data13", "id": "el507715023049808"}, {"edgecolor": "#000000", "facecolor": "#000000", "edgewidth": 1.0, "pathcodes": ["M", "L", "L", "L", "Z"], "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 1, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 11, "data": "data12", "id": "el507715023048336"}], "sharey": [], "sharex": [], "axesbgalpha": null, "axes": [{"scale": "linear", "tickformat": null, "grid": {"gridOn": false}, "fontsize": 11.0, "position": "bottom", "nticks": 8, "tickvalues": null}, {"scale": "linear", "tickformat": null, "grid": {"gridOn": false}, "fontsize": 11.0, "position": "left", "nticks": 7, "tickvalues": null}], "lines": [{"color": "#FF0000", "yindex": 1, "coordinates": "data", "dasharray": "10,0", "zorder": 2, "alpha": 1, "xindex": 0, "linewidth": 3, "data": "data01", "id": "el507715032201616"}], "markers": [], "id": "el507714462203024", "ydomain": [0.0, 30.0], "collections": [], "xscale": "linear", "bbox": [0.125, 0.125, 0.77500000000000002, 0.77500000000000002]}], "height": 320.0, "width": 720.0, "plugins": [{"type": "reset"}, {"enabled": false, "button": true, "type": "zoom"}, {"enabled": false, "button": true, "type": "boxzoom"}], "data": {"data12": [[3.103625382360498, 0.0, 3.310533741184531, 3.517442100008564, 3.7243504588325975, 4.138167176480664, 5.17270897060083, 5.586525688248896, 6.207250764720996, 8.897059429433428, 10.966143017673758, 32.484612335373214], [3.310533741184531, 0.0, 3.517442100008564, 3.7243504588325975, 3.9312588176566305, 4.345075535304697, 5.379617329424863, 5.793434047072929, 6.414159123545029, 9.10396778825746, 11.173051376497792, 32.691520694197244], [3.310533741184531, 1.0, 3.517442100008564, 3.7243504588325975, 3.9312588176566305, 4.345075535304697, 5.379617329424863, 5.793434047072929, 6.414159123545029, 9.10396778825746, 11.173051376497792, 32.691520694197244], [3.103625382360498, 1.0, 3.310533741184531, 3.517442100008564, 3.7243504588325975, 4.138167176480664, 5.17270897060083, 5.586525688248896, 6.207250764720996, 8.897059429433428, 10.966143017673758, 32.484612335373214]], "data11": [[2.482900305888398, 0.0, 2.6898086647124315, 2.8967170235364645], [2.6898086647124315, 0.0, 2.8967170235364645, 3.103625382360498], [2.6898086647124315, 2.0, 2.8967170235364645, 3.103625382360498], [2.482900305888398, 2.0, 2.6898086647124315, 2.8967170235364645]], "data10": [[1.8621752294162988, 0.0, 2.069083588240332, 2.275991947064365], [2.069083588240332, 0.0, 2.275991947064365, 2.482900305888398], [2.069083588240332, 4.0, 2.275991947064365, 2.482900305888398], [1.8621752294162988, 4.0, 2.069083588240332, 2.275991947064365]], "data08": [[1.4483585117682323, 0.0], [1.6552668705922655, 0.0], [1.6552668705922655, 7.0], [1.4483585117682323, 7.0]], "data09": [[1.6552668705922655, 0.0], [1.8621752294162988, 0.0], [1.8621752294162988, 5.0], [1.6552668705922655, 5.0]], "data06": [[0.8276334352961328, 0.0], [1.034541794120166, 0.0], [1.034541794120166, 13.0], [0.8276334352961328, 13.0]], "data07": [[1.034541794120166, 0.0, 1.241450152944199], [1.241450152944199, 0.0, 1.4483585117682323], [1.241450152944199, 9.0, 1.4483585117682323], [1.034541794120166, 9.0, 1.241450152944199]], "data04": [[0.4138167176480664, 0.0], [0.6207250764720995, 0.0], [0.6207250764720995, 21.0], [0.4138167176480664, 21.0]], "data05": [[0.6207250764720995, 0.0], [0.8276334352961328, 0.0], [0.8276334352961328, 16.0], [0.6207250764720995, 16.0]], "data02": [[0.0, 0.0], [0.2069083588240332, 0.0], [0.2069083588240332, 23.0], [0.0, 23.0]], "data03": [[0.2069083588240332, 0.0], [0.4138167176480664, 0.0], [0.4138167176480664, 26.0], [0.2069083588240332, 26.0]], "data13": [[3.9312588176566305, 0.0, 4.345075535304697, 4.55198389412873, 4.758892252952763, 4.965800611776796, 5.379617329424863, 5.793434047072929, 6.000342405896962, 6.414159123545029, 6.621067482369062, 6.827975841193095, 7.034884200017128, 7.241792558841162, 7.448700917665195, 7.655609276489228, 7.862517635313261, 8.069425994137294, 8.276334352961328, 8.48324271178536, 8.690151070609394, 9.10396778825746, 9.310876147081494, 9.517784505905526, 9.72469286472956, 9.931601223553592, 10.138509582377626, 10.34541794120166, 10.552326300025692, 10.759234658849726, 11.173051376497792, 11.379959735321826, 11.586868094145858, 11.793776452969892, 12.000684811793924, 12.207593170617958, 12.414501529441992, 12.621409888266024, 12.828318247090058, 13.03522660591409, 13.242134964738124, 13.449043323562158, 13.65595168238619, 13.862860041210224, 14.069768400034256, 14.27667675885829, 14.483585117682324, 14.690493476506356, 14.89740183533039, 15.104310194154422, 15.311218552978456, 15.51812691180249, 15.725035270626522, 15.931943629450556, 16.138851988274588, 16.345760347098622, 16.552668705922656, 16.75957706474669, 16.96648542357072, 17.173393782394754, 17.380302141218788, 17.587210500042822, 17.794118858866856, 18.001027217690886, 18.20793557651492, 18.414843935338954, 18.621752294162988, 18.828660652987022, 19.035569011811052, 19.242477370635086, 19.44938572945912, 19.656294088283154, 19.863202447107184, 20.07011080593122, 20.277019164755252, 20.483927523579286, 20.69083588240332, 20.89774424122735, 21.104652600051384, 21.31156095887542, 21.518469317699452, 21.725377676523486, 21.932286035347516, 22.13919439417155, 22.346102752995584, 22.553011111819618, 22.759919470643652, 22.966827829467682, 23.173736188291716, 23.38064454711575, 23.587552905939784, 23.794461264763818, 24.00136962358785, 24.208277982411882, 24.415186341235916, 24.62209470005995, 24.829003058883984, 25.035911417708014, 25.24281977653205, 25.449728135356082, 25.656636494180116, 25.86354485300415, 26.07045321182818, 26.277361570652214, 26.48426992947625, 26.691178288300282, 26.898086647124316, 27.104995005948346, 27.31190336477238, 27.518811723596414, 27.725720082420448, 27.932628441244482, 28.139536800068512, 28.346445158892546, 28.55335351771658, 28.760261876540614, 28.967170235364648, 29.17407859418868, 29.380986953012712, 29.587895311836746, 29.79480367066078, 30.001712029484814, 30.208620388308844, 30.41552874713288, 30.622437105956912, 30.829345464780946, 31.03625382360498, 31.24316218242901, 31.450070541253044, 31.65697890007708, 31.863887258901112, 32.070795617725146, 32.277703976549176], [4.138167176480664, 0.0, 4.55198389412873, 4.758892252952763, 4.965800611776796, 5.17270897060083, 5.586525688248896, 6.000342405896962, 6.207250764720996, 6.621067482369062, 6.827975841193095, 7.034884200017128, 7.241792558841162, 7.448700917665195, 7.655609276489228, 7.862517635313261, 8.069425994137294, 8.276334352961328, 8.48324271178536, 8.690151070609394, 8.897059429433428, 9.310876147081494, 9.517784505905526, 9.72469286472956, 9.931601223553592, 10.138509582377626, 10.34541794120166, 10.552326300025692, 10.759234658849726, 10.966143017673758, 11.379959735321826, 11.586868094145858, 11.793776452969892, 12.000684811793924, 12.207593170617958, 12.414501529441992, 12.621409888266024, 12.828318247090058, 13.03522660591409, 13.242134964738124, 13.449043323562158, 13.65595168238619, 13.862860041210224, 14.069768400034256, 14.27667675885829, 14.483585117682324, 14.690493476506356, 14.89740183533039, 15.104310194154422, 15.311218552978456, 15.51812691180249, 15.725035270626522, 15.931943629450556, 16.138851988274588, 16.345760347098622, 16.552668705922656, 16.75957706474669, 16.96648542357072, 17.173393782394754, 17.380302141218788, 17.587210500042822, 17.794118858866856, 18.001027217690886, 18.20793557651492, 18.414843935338954, 18.621752294162988, 18.828660652987022, 19.035569011811052, 19.242477370635086, 19.44938572945912, 19.656294088283154, 19.863202447107184, 20.07011080593122, 20.277019164755252, 20.483927523579286, 20.69083588240332, 20.89774424122735, 21.104652600051384, 21.31156095887542, 21.518469317699452, 21.725377676523486, 21.932286035347516, 22.13919439417155, 22.346102752995584, 22.553011111819618, 22.759919470643652, 22.966827829467682, 23.173736188291716, 23.38064454711575, 23.587552905939784, 23.794461264763818, 24.00136962358785, 24.208277982411882, 24.415186341235916, 24.62209470005995, 24.829003058883984, 25.035911417708014, 25.24281977653205, 25.449728135356082, 25.656636494180116, 25.86354485300415, 26.07045321182818, 26.277361570652214, 26.48426992947625, 26.691178288300282, 26.898086647124316, 27.104995005948346, 27.31190336477238, 27.518811723596414, 27.725720082420448, 27.932628441244482, 28.139536800068512, 28.346445158892546, 28.55335351771658, 28.760261876540614, 28.967170235364648, 29.17407859418868, 29.380986953012712, 29.587895311836746, 29.79480367066078, 30.001712029484814, 30.208620388308844, 30.41552874713288, 30.622437105956912, 30.829345464780946, 31.03625382360498, 31.24316218242901, 31.450070541253044, 31.65697890007708, 31.863887258901112, 32.070795617725146, 32.277703976549176, 32.484612335373214], [4.138167176480664, 0.0, 4.55198389412873, 4.758892252952763, 4.965800611776796, 5.17270897060083, 5.586525688248896, 6.000342405896962, 6.207250764720996, 6.621067482369062, 6.827975841193095, 7.034884200017128, 7.241792558841162, 7.448700917665195, 7.655609276489228, 7.862517635313261, 8.069425994137294, 8.276334352961328, 8.48324271178536, 8.690151070609394, 8.897059429433428, 9.310876147081494, 9.517784505905526, 9.72469286472956, 9.931601223553592, 10.138509582377626, 10.34541794120166, 10.552326300025692, 10.759234658849726, 10.966143017673758, 11.379959735321826, 11.586868094145858, 11.793776452969892, 12.000684811793924, 12.207593170617958, 12.414501529441992, 12.621409888266024, 12.828318247090058, 13.03522660591409, 13.242134964738124, 13.449043323562158, 13.65595168238619, 13.862860041210224, 14.069768400034256, 14.27667675885829, 14.483585117682324, 14.690493476506356, 14.89740183533039, 15.104310194154422, 15.311218552978456, 15.51812691180249, 15.725035270626522, 15.931943629450556, 16.138851988274588, 16.345760347098622, 16.552668705922656, 16.75957706474669, 16.96648542357072, 17.173393782394754, 17.380302141218788, 17.587210500042822, 17.794118858866856, 18.001027217690886, 18.20793557651492, 18.414843935338954, 18.621752294162988, 18.828660652987022, 19.035569011811052, 19.242477370635086, 19.44938572945912, 19.656294088283154, 19.863202447107184, 20.07011080593122, 20.277019164755252, 20.483927523579286, 20.69083588240332, 20.89774424122735, 21.104652600051384, 21.31156095887542, 21.518469317699452, 21.725377676523486, 21.932286035347516, 22.13919439417155, 22.346102752995584, 22.553011111819618, 22.759919470643652, 22.966827829467682, 23.173736188291716, 23.38064454711575, 23.587552905939784, 23.794461264763818, 24.00136962358785, 24.208277982411882, 24.415186341235916, 24.62209470005995, 24.829003058883984, 25.035911417708014, 25.24281977653205, 25.449728135356082, 25.656636494180116, 25.86354485300415, 26.07045321182818, 26.277361570652214, 26.48426992947625, 26.691178288300282, 26.898086647124316, 27.104995005948346, 27.31190336477238, 27.518811723596414, 27.725720082420448, 27.932628441244482, 28.139536800068512, 28.346445158892546, 28.55335351771658, 28.760261876540614, 28.967170235364648, 29.17407859418868, 29.380986953012712, 29.587895311836746, 29.79480367066078, 30.001712029484814, 30.208620388308844, 30.41552874713288, 30.622437105956912, 30.829345464780946, 31.03625382360498, 31.24316218242901, 31.450070541253044, 31.65697890007708, 31.863887258901112, 32.070795617725146, 32.277703976549176, 32.484612335373214], [3.9312588176566305, 0.0, 4.345075535304697, 4.55198389412873, 4.758892252952763, 4.965800611776796, 5.379617329424863, 5.793434047072929, 6.000342405896962, 6.414159123545029, 6.621067482369062, 6.827975841193095, 7.034884200017128, 7.241792558841162, 7.448700917665195, 7.655609276489228, 7.862517635313261, 8.069425994137294, 8.276334352961328, 8.48324271178536, 8.690151070609394, 9.10396778825746, 9.310876147081494, 9.517784505905526, 9.72469286472956, 9.931601223553592, 10.138509582377626, 10.34541794120166, 10.552326300025692, 10.759234658849726, 11.173051376497792, 11.379959735321826, 11.586868094145858, 11.793776452969892, 12.000684811793924, 12.207593170617958, 12.414501529441992, 12.621409888266024, 12.828318247090058, 13.03522660591409, 13.242134964738124, 13.449043323562158, 13.65595168238619, 13.862860041210224, 14.069768400034256, 14.27667675885829, 14.483585117682324, 14.690493476506356, 14.89740183533039, 15.104310194154422, 15.311218552978456, 15.51812691180249, 15.725035270626522, 15.931943629450556, 16.138851988274588, 16.345760347098622, 16.552668705922656, 16.75957706474669, 16.96648542357072, 17.173393782394754, 17.380302141218788, 17.587210500042822, 17.794118858866856, 18.001027217690886, 18.20793557651492, 18.414843935338954, 18.621752294162988, 18.828660652987022, 19.035569011811052, 19.242477370635086, 19.44938572945912, 19.656294088283154, 19.863202447107184, 20.07011080593122, 20.277019164755252, 20.483927523579286, 20.69083588240332, 20.89774424122735, 21.104652600051384, 21.31156095887542, 21.518469317699452, 21.725377676523486, 21.932286035347516, 22.13919439417155, 22.346102752995584, 22.553011111819618, 22.759919470643652, 22.966827829467682, 23.173736188291716, 23.38064454711575, 23.587552905939784, 23.794461264763818, 24.00136962358785, 24.208277982411882, 24.415186341235916, 24.62209470005995, 24.829003058883984, 25.035911417708014, 25.24281977653205, 25.449728135356082, 25.656636494180116, 25.86354485300415, 26.07045321182818, 26.277361570652214, 26.48426992947625, 26.691178288300282, 26.898086647124316, 27.104995005948346, 27.31190336477238, 27.518811723596414, 27.725720082420448, 27.932628441244482, 28.139536800068512, 28.346445158892546, 28.55335351771658, 28.760261876540614, 28.967170235364648, 29.17407859418868, 29.380986953012712, 29.587895311836746, 29.79480367066078, 30.001712029484814, 30.208620388308844, 30.41552874713288, 30.622437105956912, 30.829345464780946, 31.03625382360498, 31.24316218242901, 31.450070541253044, 31.65697890007708, 31.863887258901112, 32.070795617725146, 32.277703976549176]], "data01": [[0.0, 17.1], [0.2069083588240332, 16.9], [0.4138167176480664, 12.1], [0.6207250764720995, 19.7], [0.8276334352961328, 12.3], [1.034541794120166, 9.6], [1.241450152944199, 9.1], [1.4483585117682323, 6.3], [1.6552668705922655, 6.2], [1.8621752294162988, 8.0], [2.069083588240332, 6.6], [2.275991947064365, 6.0], [2.482900305888398, 7.8], [2.6898086647124315, 5.2], [2.8967170235364645, 5.0], [3.103625382360498, 4.3], [3.310533741184531, 1.8], [3.517442100008564, 0.0], [3.7243504588325975, 0.0], [3.9312588176566305, 0.3], [4.138167176480664, 0.7], [4.345075535304697, 0.0], [4.55198389412873, 0.0], [4.758892252952763, 0.0], [4.965800611776796, 0.0], [5.17270897060083, 1.0], [5.379617329424863, 0.0], [5.586525688248896, 0.8], [5.793434047072929, 0.2], [6.000342405896962, 0.0], [6.207250764720996, 0.0], [6.414159123545029, 0.0], [6.621067482369062, 0.0], [6.827975841193095, 1.0], [7.034884200017128, 0.0], [7.241792558841162, 0.0], [7.448700917665195, 0.0], [7.655609276489228, 0.0], [7.862517635313261, 0.0], [8.069425994137294, 0.0], [8.276334352961328, 0.0], [8.48324271178536, 0.0], [8.690151070609394, 0.0], [8.897059429433428, 0.0], [9.10396778825746, 0.0], [9.310876147081494, 0.0], [9.517784505905526, 0.0], [9.72469286472956, 0.0], [9.931601223553592, 0.0], [10.138509582377626, 0.0], [10.34541794120166, 0.0], [10.552326300025692, 0.0], [10.759234658849726, 0.0], [10.966143017673758, 0.0], [11.173051376497792, 0.0], [11.379959735321826, 0.0], [11.586868094145858, 0.0], [11.793776452969892, 0.0], [12.000684811793924, 0.0], [12.207593170617958, 0.0], [12.414501529441992, 0.0], [12.621409888266024, 0.0], [12.828318247090058, 0.0], [13.03522660591409, 0.0], [13.242134964738124, 0.0], [13.449043323562158, 0.0], [13.65595168238619, 0.0], [13.862860041210224, 0.0], [14.069768400034256, 0.0], [14.27667675885829, 0.0], [14.483585117682324, 0.0], [14.690493476506356, 0.0], [14.89740183533039, 0.0], [15.104310194154422, 0.0], [15.311218552978456, 0.0], [15.51812691180249, 0.0], [15.725035270626522, 0.0], [15.931943629450556, 0.0], [16.138851988274588, 0.0], [16.345760347098622, 0.0], [16.552668705922656, 0.0], [16.75957706474669, 0.0], [16.96648542357072, 0.0], [17.173393782394754, 0.0], [17.380302141218788, 0.0], [17.587210500042822, 0.0], [17.794118858866856, 0.0], [18.001027217690886, 0.0], [18.20793557651492, 0.0], [18.414843935338954, 0.0], [18.621752294162988, 0.0], [18.828660652987022, 0.0], [19.035569011811052, 0.0], [19.242477370635086, 0.0], [19.44938572945912, 0.0], [19.656294088283154, 0.0], [19.863202447107184, 0.0], [20.07011080593122, 0.0], [20.277019164755252, 0.0], [20.483927523579286, 0.0], [20.69083588240332, 0.0], [20.89774424122735, 0.0], [21.104652600051384, 0.0], [21.31156095887542, 0.0], [21.518469317699452, 0.0], [21.725377676523486, 0.0], [21.932286035347516, 0.0], [22.13919439417155, 0.0], [22.346102752995584, 0.0], [22.553011111819618, 0.0], [22.759919470643652, 0.0], [22.966827829467682, 0.0], [23.173736188291716, 0.0], [23.38064454711575, 0.0], [23.587552905939784, 0.0], [23.794461264763818, 0.0], [24.00136962358785, 0.0], [24.208277982411882, 0.0], [24.415186341235916, 0.0], [24.62209470005995, 0.0], [24.829003058883984, 0.0], [25.035911417708014, 0.0], [25.24281977653205, 0.0], [25.449728135356082, 0.0], [25.656636494180116, 0.0], [25.86354485300415, 0.0], [26.07045321182818, 0.0], [26.277361570652214, 0.0], [26.48426992947625, 0.0], [26.691178288300282, 0.0], [26.898086647124316, 0.0], [27.104995005948346, 0.0], [27.31190336477238, 0.0], [27.518811723596414, 0.0], [27.725720082420448, 0.0], [27.932628441244482, 0.0], [28.139536800068512, 0.0], [28.346445158892546, 0.0], [28.55335351771658, 0.0], [28.760261876540614, 0.0], [28.967170235364648, 0.0], [29.17407859418868, 0.0], [29.380986953012712, 0.0], [29.587895311836746, 0.0], [29.79480367066078, 0.0], [30.001712029484814, 0.0], [30.208620388308844, 0.0], [30.41552874713288, 0.0], [30.622437105956912, 0.0], [30.829345464780946, 0.0], [31.03625382360498, 0.0], [31.24316218242901, 0.0], [31.450070541253044, 0.0], [31.65697890007708, 0.0], [31.863887258901112, 0.0], [32.070795617725146, 0.0], [32.277703976549176, 0.0], [32.484612335373214, 0.0]]}, "id": "el507715032198224"});
                })
             });
    }
    </script>



Plot the top significant eigenmodes *(top row)* and associated
independent components *(bottom row)*. The ICs are an optimally
independent representation of the four different residue groups.

.. code:: python

    plt.rcParams['figure.figsize'] = 9, 6
    pairs = [[0,1],[1,2],[2,3]]
    EVs = Dsect['Vsca']
    ICs = Dsect['Vpica']
    for k,[k1,k2] in enumerate(pairs):
        plt.subplot(2,3,k+1)
        plt.plot(EVs[:,k1], EVs[:,k2], 'ok')
        plt.xlabel("EV%i"%(k1+1), fontsize=16)
        plt.ylabel("EV%i"%(k2+1), fontsize=16)
        plt.subplot(2,3,k+4)
        plt.plot(ICs[:,k1], ICs[:,k2], 'ok')
        plt.xlabel("IC%i"%(k1+1), fontsize=16)
        plt.ylabel("IC%i"%(k2+1), fontsize=16)
    plt.tight_layout()



.. image:: SCA_G_files/SCA_G_28_0.png


IV.  Sector decomposition. 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To define the positions with significant contributions to each of the
independent components (ICs), we make a empirical fit for each IC to the
t-distribution and select positions with greater than a specified cutoff
on the CDF. We choose :math:`p=0.95` as our cutoff. Note that since some
positions might contribute significantly to more than one IC (an
indication of non-independence of ICs), we apply a simple algorithm to
assign such positions to one IC. Specifically, we assign positions to
the IC with which it has the greatest degree of co-evolution.

The data indicate generally good fits for the top five ICs (also shown
in supplemental figure S2), and we return the positions contributing to
each IC in a format suitable for cut and paste into PyMol.

.. code:: python

    plt.rcParams['figure.figsize'] = 8, 8 
    
    Vpica = Dsect['Vpica']
    for k in range(Dsect['kpos']):
        iqr = scoreatpercentile(Vpica[:,k],75) - scoreatpercentile(Vpica[:,k],25)
        binwidth=2*iqr*(len(Vpica)**(-0.33))
        nbins=round((max(Vpica[:,k])-min(Vpica[:,k]))/binwidth)
        plt.subplot(Dsect['kpos'],1,k)
        h_params = plt.hist(Vpica[:,k], nbins)
        x_dist = np.linspace(min(h_params[1]), max(h_params[1]), num=100)
        plt.plot(x_dist,Dsect['scaled_pd'][k],'r',linewidth = 2)  
        plt.plot([Dsect['cutoff'][k],Dsect['cutoff'][k]], [0,60], 'k--',linewidth = 1)
        plt.xlabel(r'$V^p_{%i}$'%(k+1), fontsize=14)
        plt.ylabel('Number', fontsize=14)
        
    for n,ipos in enumerate(Dsect['ics']):
        sort_ipos = sorted(ipos.items)
        ats_ipos = ([Dseq['ats'][s] for s in sort_ipos])
        ic_pymol = ('+'.join(ats_ipos))
        print('IC %i is composed of %i positions:' % (n+1,len(ats_ipos)))
        print(ic_pymol + "\n")
            


.. parsed-literal::

    IC 1 is composed of 18 positions:
    22+32+34+36+39+54+63+64+68+71+73+75+81+83+85+110+116+144
    
    IC 2 is composed of 8 positions:
    5+11+56+61+62+72+96+99
    
    IC 3 is composed of 16 positions:
    10+14+15+16+28+35+57+58+59+60+117+119+145+146+147+156
    
    IC 4 is composed of 11 positions:
    17+23+82+90+115+123+125+130+134+141+143
    


.. parsed-literal::

    /Users/kreynolds/anaconda/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/axes/_subplots.py:69: MatplotlibDeprecationWarning: The use of 0 (which ends up being the _last_ sub-plot) is deprecated in 1.4 and will raise an error in 1.5
      mplDeprecation)



.. image:: SCA_G_files/SCA_G_31_2.png


To define protein sectors, we examine the structure of the SCA
positional correlation matrix with positions contributing to the top
independent components (ICs) ordered by weight (*left panel*). This
provides a basis to determine/interpret which ICs are truly
statistically independent (defining an independent sector) and which
represent hierarchical breakdowns of one sector. In this case, the data
suggest that ICs 1, 2, and 3 have strong inter-IC correlations and
should be considered a single sector, and IC4 shows little corrleation
with other ICs, implying a distinct sector (see the dendrogram that
follows). In the *right panel* the ICs are re-ordered to reflect this
decomposition.

.. code:: python

    #plot the SCA positional correlation matrix, ordered by contribution to the top ICs
    plt.rcParams['figure.figsize'] = 9, 9 
    plt.subplot(121)
    plt.imshow(Dsca['Csca'][np.ix_(Dsect['sortedpos'], Dsect['sortedpos'])], \
               vmin=0, vmax=2.2,interpolation='none',\
               aspect='equal',extent=[0,sum(Dsect['icsize']),\
                                      0,sum(Dsect['icsize'])])
    line_index=0
    for i in range(Dsect['kpos']):
        plt.plot([line_index+Dsect['icsize'][i],line_index+Dsect['icsize'][i]],\
                 [0,sum(Dsect['icsize'])],'w', linewidth = 2)
        plt.plot([0,sum(Dsect['icsize'])],[sum(Dsect['icsize'])-\
                line_index,sum(Dsect['icsize'])-line_index],'w', linewidth = 2)
        line_index += Dsect['icsize'][i] 
    
    #define the new sector groupings - 3 total
    sec_groups = ([0,1,2],[3])
    sectors = list()
    c = [0.66, 0]
    for n,k in enumerate(sec_groups):
        s = sca.Unit()
        all_items = list()
        all_Vp = list()
        for i in k: 
            all_items = all_items+Dsect['ics'][i].items
            all_Vp = all_Vp+list(Dsect['ics'][i].vect)
        svals = np.argsort(all_Vp)    
        s.items = [all_items[i] for i in svals]
        s.col = c[n]
        sectors.append(s)
    
    #plot the re-ordered matrix
    plt.subplot(122)
    line_index=0
    sortpos = list()
    for s in sectors:
        sortpos.extend(s.items)
    plt.imshow(Dsca['Csca'][np.ix_(sortpos, sortpos)], vmin=0, vmax=2.2,\
               interpolation='none',aspect='equal',\
               extent=[0,len(sortpos),0,len(sortpos)])
    for s in sectors:
        plt.plot([line_index+len(s.items),line_index+len(s.items)],\
                 [0,len(sortpos)],'w', linewidth = 2)
        plt.plot([0,sum(Dsect['icsize'])],[len(sortpos)-line_index,\
                        len(sortpos)-line_index],'w', linewidth = 2)
        line_index += len(s.items)
    plt.tight_layout()



.. image:: SCA_G_files/SCA_G_33_0.png


The below dendrogram diagrams the relationship between independent
components. In this plot, solid lines represent physically contiguous
structural units, and dashed lines indicate spatially fragmented groups
of residues. We see that ICs 1,2,and 3 combine to form a single sector
(sector 1), and that sector 2 (IC4) is more independent.

.. code:: python

    i = Image(filename='figs/Gprot_sec_hier.png'); i




.. image:: SCA_G_files/SCA_G_35_0.png



The assignments have clear physical consistency with the concept of
sectors as functional, physically contiguous units in the protein
structure (see also Figs.4-5). In the *left panels*, sector one is
formed from the combination of positions in IC1 *(bright blue)*, IC2
*(light blue)* and IC3 *(cyan)*. Sector2 (IC4) is shown in red spheres,
and forms a phyically contiguous unit structurally distinct from sector
one.

.. code:: python

    i = Image(filename = 'figs/Gprot_secstruct.png'); i




.. image:: SCA_G_files/SCA_G_37_0.png



Print the sector positions, in a format suitable for pyMol, and create a
pyMol session (in the Outputs directory) with the sectors (and
decomposition into independent components) as seperate objects.



.. code:: python

    for i,k in enumerate(sectors):
        sort_ipos = sorted(k.items)
        ats_ipos = ([Dseq['ats'][s] for s in sort_ipos])
        ic_pymol = ('+'.join(ats_ipos))
        print('Sector %i is composed of %i positions:' % (i+1,len(ats_ipos)))
        print(ic_pymol + "\n")
    sca.writePymol('5P21', sectors, Dsect['ics'], Dseq['ats'], \
                   'Outputs/PF00071.pml','A', '../Inputs/', 0)  


.. parsed-literal::

    Sector 1 is composed of 42 positions:
    5+10+11+14+15+16+22+28+32+34+35+36+39+54+56+57+58+59+60+61+62+63+64+68+71+72+73+75+81+83+85+96+99+110+116+117+119+144+145+146+147+156
    
    Sector 2 is composed of 11 positions:
    17+23+82+90+115+123+125+130+134+141+143
    


V. Sequence subfamilies and the basis of sector hierarchy.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

How does the phylogenetic and functional heterogeneity in the MSA
influence the sector definitions? To address this, we take advantage of
mathematical methods for mapping between the space of positional and
sequence correlations, as described in *Rivoire et al* (see equations
8-11). Using this mapping, we plot the top :math:`k^*` ICs of the matrix
:math:`\tilde{C_{ij}}` as 2-D scatter plots *(top row)*, and compare
them to the corresponding sequence space divergence *(middle and bottom
rows)*. The amino acid positions contributing to each IC are colored by
sector *(sector 1 = blue, sector 2 = red, top row)*. The sequences are
color-coded according to phylogenetic classifications *(middle row)* or
G-protein class *(bottom row)* as we defined above.

.. code:: python

    plt.rcParams['figure.figsize'] = 14, 10 
    pairs= [[0,1],[1,2],[2,3]]
    for n,[k1,k2] in enumerate(pairs):
        plt.subplot(3,3,n+1)
        sca.figUnits(Dsect['Vpica'][:,k1], Dsect['Vpica'][:,k2], \
                     sectors, dotsize = 6)
        plt.xlabel('IC%i' % (k1+1), fontsize=16)
        plt.ylabel('IC%i' % (k2+1), fontsize=16)
        plt.subplot(3,3,n+4)
        sca.figUnits(Dsect['Upica'][:,k1], Dsect['Upica'][:,k2], \
                     phylo, dotsize = 6)
        plt.xlabel(r'$U^p_{%i}$' % (k1+1), fontsize=16)
        plt.ylabel(r'$U^p_{%i}$' % (k2+1), fontsize=16)
        plt.subplot(3,3,n+7)
        sca.figUnits(Dsect['Upica'][:,k1], Dsect['Upica'][:,k2], \
                     gprot_classes, dotsize = 6)
        plt.xlabel(r'$U^p_{%i}$' % (k1+1), fontsize=16)
        plt.ylabel(r'$U^p_{%i}$' % (k2+1), fontsize=16)
    plt.tight_layout()



.. image:: SCA_G_files/SCA_G_43_0.png


There is some clear divergence in G-protein subtype along :math:`U_1^p`
and :math:`U_2^p`, indicating that the amino acid positions associated
with IC1 and IC2 vary in a subtype-specific pattern. To more clearly see
seperations in sequence classification, we also plot the above
distributions of sequences (along :math:`U_1^p`,
:math:`U_2^p`,\ :math:`U_3^p`,and :math:`U_4^p`) as stacked bar plots.
This representation lets us directly see the contribution of sequences
that might be hidden (due to overlapping points) on the above scatter
plots. The *top row* reflects phylogenetic classifications and the
*bottom row* shows G-protein functional classes.

.. code:: python

    plt.rcParams['figure.figsize'] = 15, 4 
    
    col = list()
    for k in gprot_classes:
        col = col + [colorsys.hsv_to_rgb(k.col,1,1)]
    for k in range(Dsect['kpos']):
        forhist = list()
        for group in gprot_classes:
            forhist.append([Dsect['Upica'][i,k] for i in group.items])
        plt.subplot(2,Dsect['kpos'],k+5)
        plt.hist(forhist, histtype='barstacked',color=col)
        plt.xlabel(r'$U^p_{%i}$' % (k+1), fontsize=16)
        
    col = list()
    for k in phylo:
        col = col + [colorsys.hsv_to_rgb(k.col,1,1)]
    for k in range(Dsect['kpos']):
        forhist = list()
        for group in phylo:
            forhist.append([Dsect['Upica'][i,k] for i in group.items])
        plt.subplot(2,Dsect['kpos'],k+1)
        plt.hist(forhist, histtype='barstacked',color=col)



.. image:: SCA_G_files/SCA_G_45_0.png


The interpretation for the two sectors is clear:

**Sector 1** is composed of ICs 1,2 and 3 - we see above that the
positions contributing to IC1 and IC2 seperate out the Ras-like *(red)*
and Rho *(green)* g-protein functional classes (see the plots of
:math:`U_1^p` and :math:`U_2^p` above). In contrast, the positions along
IC3 and IC4 are associated with a homogeneous pattern of sequences; that
is they have no obvious relationship to g-protein class or phylogeny.
This suggests that sector 1 consists of a core element (IC3) that is
conserved among G-proteins and two related/co-evolving parts which
diverge in particular G-protein functional classes. The structural
mapping of these positions is consistent with this interpretation - we
observe that the positions associated with IC3 form the base of the
nucleotide binding pocket (a general feature of the g-protein family)
and that the IC1 and IC2 positions form a peripheral shell, which may
reflect functional divergence in G-protein regulatory mechanisms in
different family members.

**Sector 2** is defined along (:math:`V_4^p`). The sequences along the
corresponding component (:math:`U_4^p`) are homogeneously distributed
with respect to both phylogeny and g-protein functional class,
consistent with the notion that this sector is likley a global property
of the entire alignment.
